---
description: AT2G32950 ; ATCOP1, COP1, DET340, EMB168, FUS1 ; Arabidopsis thaliana
meta_title:
title: AT2G32950
categories: [Arabidopsis thaliana]
tags: [ shoot axis apex,leaf lamina base,root,shoot system,plant embryo,vascular leaf,stamen,sepal,flower,inflorescence flower pedicel,cotyledon,petiole,hypocotyl,leaf apex,collective leaf structure,pollen,pollen tube cell ]
---

## Gene Details:
- **Gene ID:** [AT2G32950](https://www.arabidopsis.org/locus?name=AT2G32950)
- **Gene Symbol:** <u>ATCOP1, COP1, DET340, EMB168, FUS1</u>
- **Gene Name:** ARABIDOPSIS THALIANA CONSTITUTIVE PHOTOMORPHOGENIC 1, CONSTITUTIVE PHOTOMORPHOGENIC 1, DEETIOLATED MUTANT 340, EMBRYO DEFECTIVE 168, FUSCA 1
- **Description:**   Transducin/WD40 repeat-like superfamily protein;(source:Araport11)
- **TAIR Accession:** locus:2059359
- **Genome:** [Araport11_genome_release](https://www.arabidopsis.org/download/list?dir=Genes%2FAraport11_genome_release)
- **Species:** *Arabidopsis thaliana*

## Transcripts:
   -  [AT2G32950.1](https://www.arabidopsis.org/gene?name=AT2G32950.1)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[AT2G32950.2](https://www.arabidopsis.org/gene?name=AT2G32950.2)
## Plant Ontology Annotations:
   - [PO:0000037](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0000037)&nbsp;---&nbsp;shoot axis apex&nbsp;---&nbsp;ápice del epiblasto (epiblastema) (Spanish, exact), シュート頂、茎頂 (Japanese, exact)
   - [PO:0008019](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0008019)&nbsp;---&nbsp;leaf lamina base&nbsp;---&nbsp;base de la lámina de la hoja (Spanish, exact), 葉身基部 (Japanese, exact)
   - [PO:0009005](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0009005)&nbsp;---&nbsp;root&nbsp;---&nbsp;raíz (Spanish, exact), radices (exact, plural), radix (exact), 根 (Japanese, exact), aerial root (narrow), climbing root (narrow)
   - [PO:0009006](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0009006)&nbsp;---&nbsp;shoot system&nbsp;---&nbsp;sistema de epiblasto (epiblastema) (Spanish, exact), シュート系、苗条系 (Japanese, exact), Poaceae crown (related), shoot (related), thalli (related), thallus (related), tree crown (narrow)
   - [PO:0009009](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0009009)&nbsp;---&nbsp;plant embryo&nbsp;---&nbsp;embrión (Spanish, exact), 植物胚 (Japanese, exact), germ (related), embryo (broad)
   - [PO:0009025](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0009025)&nbsp;---&nbsp;vascular leaf&nbsp;---&nbsp;foliage leaf (exact), hoja vascular (Spanish, exact), leaf, vascular (exact), vascular leaves (exact, plural), 維管束のある葉, または維管束植物の葉 (Japanese, exact), crozier (related), macrophyll (related), megaphyll (related), ascidia (narrow), ascidium (narrow), fiddlehead (narrow), frond (narrow), needle-like leaf (narrow), pitcher (narrow), pitcher blade (narrow), pitcher-blade (narrow), scale-like leaf (narrow), sterile frond (narrow), trophophyll (narrow)
   - [PO:0009029](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0009029)&nbsp;---&nbsp;stamen&nbsp;---&nbsp;estambre (Spanish, exact), 雄蕊 (Japanese, exact), Poaceae stamen (narrow), Zea stamen (narrow)
   - [PO:0009031](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0009031)&nbsp;---&nbsp;sepal&nbsp;---&nbsp;sépalo (Spanish, exact), がく片 (Japanese, exact)
   - [PO:0009046](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0009046)&nbsp;---&nbsp;flower&nbsp;---&nbsp;flor (Spanish, exact), 花 (Japanese, exact), floret (related), Asteraceae floret (narrow), basal flower (narrow), double flower (narrow), hermaphrodite flower (narrow), monoclinous flower (narrow), perfect flower (narrow)
   - [PO:0009052](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0009052)&nbsp;---&nbsp;inflorescence flower pedicel&nbsp;---&nbsp;小花柄 (Japanese, related), pedicelo (Spanish, broad)
   - [PO:0020030](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0020030)&nbsp;---&nbsp;cotyledon&nbsp;---&nbsp;cotiledón (Spanish, exact), seed leaf (exact), 子葉 (Japanese, exact)
   - [PO:0020038](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0020038)&nbsp;---&nbsp;petiole&nbsp;---&nbsp;pecíolo (Spanish, exact), 葉柄 (Japanese, exact)
   - [PO:0020100](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0020100)&nbsp;---&nbsp;hypocotyl&nbsp;---&nbsp;hipocótile (Spanish, exact), 胚軸 (Japanese, exact)
   - [PO:0020137](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0020137)&nbsp;---&nbsp;leaf apex&nbsp;---&nbsp;ápice de la hoja (Spanish, exact), 葉先 (Japanese, exact), leaf lamina apex (narrow), phyllid apex (narrow)
   - [PO:0025022](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0025022)&nbsp;---&nbsp;collective leaf structure&nbsp;---&nbsp;estructura colectiva de hoja (Spanish, exact), leaf series (exact), 葉が集まった構造   (Japanese, exact), leaf whorl (narrow), rosette (narrow), cycle (broad), verticil (broad)
   - [PO:0025281](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0025281)&nbsp;---&nbsp;pollen&nbsp;---&nbsp;polen (Spanish, exact), pollen grain (exact), 花粉 (Japanese, exact)
   - [PO:0025195](https://browser.planteome.org/amigo/term/PO:0025195)&nbsp;---&nbsp;pollen tube cell&nbsp;---&nbsp;célula del tubo polínico (Spanish, exact), 花粉管細胞 (Japanese, exact)
## Gene Ontology:
   - [GO:0006281](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0006281)&nbsp;---&nbsp;acts upstream of or within&nbsp;---&nbsp;DNA repair
   - [GO:0005515](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0005515)&nbsp;---&nbsp;enables&nbsp;---&nbsp;protein binding
   - [GO:0009640](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0009640)&nbsp;---&nbsp;acts upstream of or within&nbsp;---&nbsp;photomorphogenesis
   - [GO:0048573](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0048573)&nbsp;---&nbsp;acts upstream of or within&nbsp;---&nbsp;photoperiodism, flowering
   - [GO:0043161](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0043161)&nbsp;---&nbsp;involved in&nbsp;---&nbsp;proteasome-mediated ubiquitin-dependent protein catabolic process
   - [GO:0061630](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0061630)&nbsp;---&nbsp;enables&nbsp;---&nbsp;ubiquitin protein ligase activity
   - [GO:0010119](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0010119)&nbsp;---&nbsp;acts upstream of or within&nbsp;---&nbsp;regulation of stomatal movement
   - [GO:0042802](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0042802)&nbsp;---&nbsp;enables&nbsp;---&nbsp;identical protein binding
   - [GO:0046283](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0046283)&nbsp;---&nbsp;acts upstream of or within&nbsp;---&nbsp;anthocyanin-containing compound metabolic process
   - [GO:0005634](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0005634)&nbsp;---&nbsp;located in&nbsp;---&nbsp;nucleus
   - [GO:0080008](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0080008)&nbsp;---&nbsp;part of&nbsp;---&nbsp;Cul4-RING E3 ubiquitin ligase complex
   - [GO:0009647](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0009647)&nbsp;---&nbsp;acts upstream of or within&nbsp;---&nbsp;skotomorphogenesis
   - [GO:0009641](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0009641)&nbsp;---&nbsp;acts upstream of or within&nbsp;---&nbsp;shade avoidance
   - [GO:0004842](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0004842)&nbsp;---&nbsp;enables&nbsp;---&nbsp;ubiquitin-protein transferase activity
   - [GO:0016604](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0016604)&nbsp;---&nbsp;located in&nbsp;---&nbsp;nuclear body
   - [GO:0000152](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0000152)&nbsp;---&nbsp;part of&nbsp;---&nbsp;nuclear ubiquitin ligase complex
   - [GO:0009649](https://amigo.geneontology.org/amigo/term/GO:0009649)&nbsp;---&nbsp;acts upstream of or within&nbsp;---&nbsp;entrainment of circadian clock
## Germplasm Phenotype:
   - [CS6259]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Blue-light- or dark-grown mutants contain high levels of anthocyanins and are not responsive to cytokinins.
   - [CS6259]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Both dark- and light-grown homozygous mutant seedlings are severely retarded in their development, with significantly reduced cell  elongation in their hypocotyls and reduced cell enlargement in their cotyledons. Both mature seeds and seedlings homozygous  for the mutations exhibit dark purple coloration in their hypocotyls and cotyledons due to high levels of anthocyanin  accumulation. Most important, homozygous mutants are adult lethal. Occasionally, some mutant individuals will develop up to three pairs of tiny true leaves before senescence.  Not a single mutant plant has been able to survive to reproduce.
   - [CS6259]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;accumulation of anthocyanins (purple coloration) in cotyledons of developing embryos; dark-grown seedlings resemble light-grown wild-type seedlings having short hypocotyl, open and enlarged cotyledons, accumulation of anthocyanins, chloroplast-like plastid differentiation; expression of light-induced genes in dark-grown plants; light-grown seedlings are heavily pigmented, with anthocyanin accumulation even in roots, open cotyledons, shoots are small and abnormally shaped, lethal (development arrested soon after initiation of primary leaves).
   - [CS69040]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Dark-grown cop1-1 seedlings mimic phenotype of light-grown wildtype seedlings. Phenotypes of the dark-grown cop1-1 include the following: short hypocotyls, open and enlarged cotyledons, accumulation of anthocyanins, cell-type differentiation and chloroplast-like plastid differentiation in cotyledons. Light-grown cop1-1 plants have a severe size reduction and greatly reduced seed set than the wildtype.
   - [CS69041]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Light-grown cop1-6 plants have a severe size reduction and greatly reduced seed set than the wildtype. Dark-grown cop1-6 plants can bolt and flower; dark-grown cop1-6 have enlarged cotyledons compared to dark-grown wildtype.
   - [cop1-1]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Dark- and light-grown strong mutant seedlings have short hypocotyls of similar length.
   - [cop1-1]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Dark-grown mutant seedlings are transferred to the light, a significant portion of the seedlings are unable to green and will bleach out and die.
   - [cop1-1]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Mutant belonging to the strong class. Milder phenotypes than that observed in the mutants of the lethal class. Not adult lethal although mutation causes a severe size reduction of light-grown mature plants and greatly reduce seed set. Dark-grown seedlings  homozygous for the mutation exhibit light-grown characteristics, including  patterns of cell differentiation and gene expression.
   - [cop1-1]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;The mutant does not show additional hypocotyl elongation under far-red light-enriched conditions, whereas the wild-type seedlings  display more than a twofold increase in hypocotyl elongation.
   - [cop1-1]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Under long-day or continuous light conditions, wild-type plants and the mutant flower after producing approximately seven rosette leaves and growing for 3 to 4 weeks. However, under short-day conditions, wildtype plants produce more than 40 rosette leaves and grow  for ~75 days before flowering, whereas the mutant line continues to produce only seven rosette leaves and flower earlier  than the wild-type plants.
   - [cop1-1 hyh]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Indistinguishable from the respective cop1 mutants when grown in darkness.
   - [cop1-1 hyh]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;No suppression of the light-dependent cop1 phenotype where seedlings bleach and die when transferred from darkness to light. This is in contrast to the phenotype observed in the other two double mutants: cop1-4/hyh and cop1-6/hyh.
   - [cop1-10]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Both dark- and light-grown homozygous mutant seedlings are severely retarded in their development, with significantly reduced cell  elongation in their hypocotyls and reduced cell enlargement in their cotyledons. Both mature seeds and seedlings homozygous  for the mutations exhibit dark purple coloration in their hypocotyls and cotyledons due to high levels of anthocyanin  accumulation. Most important, homozygous mutants are adult lethal. Occasionally, some mutant individuals will develop up to three pairs of tiny true leaves before senescence.  Not a single mutant plant has been able to survive to reproduce.
   - [cop1-11]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Both dark- and light-grown homozygous mutant seedlings are severely retarded in their development, with significantly reduced cell  elongation in their hypocotyls and reduced cell enlargement in their cotyledons. Both mature seeds and seedlings homozygous  for the mutations exhibit dark purple coloration in their hypocotyls and cotyledons due to high levels of anthocyanin  accumulation. Most important, homozygous mutants are adult lethal. Occasionally, some mutant individuals will develop up to three pairs of tiny true leaves before senescence.  Not a single mutant plant has been able to survive to reproduce.
   - [cop1-3]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Dark- and light-grown strong mutant seedlings have short hypocotyls of similar length.
   - [cop1-3]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Mutant belonging to the strong class. Milder phenotypes than that observed in the mutants of the lethal class. Not adult lethal although mutation causes a severe size reduction of light-grown mature plants and greatly reduce seed set. Dark-grown seedlings  homozygous for the mutation exhibit light-grown characteristics, including  patterns of cell differentiation and gene expression.
   - [cop1-4]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Dark-grown mutant seedlings are transferred to the light, a significant portion of the seedlings are unable to green and will bleach out and die.
   - [cop1-4]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Dark-grown seedlings homozygous for weak copl mutations have longer hypocotyls than their light-grown siblings and light-grown wild-type  seedlings, although they are clearly shorter than etiolated wild-type seedlings.
   - [cop1-4]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Mutant belonging to the weak class. Milder phenotypes than that observed in the mutants of the strong class. Not adult lethal although mutation causes a severe size reduction of light-grown mature plants and greatly reduce seed set. Dark-grown seedlings  homozygous for the mutation exhibit light-grown characteristics, including  patterns of cell differentiation and gene expression.
   - [cop1-4]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;The mutant does not show additional hypocotyl elongation under far-red light-enriched conditions, whereas the wild-type seedlings  display more than a twofold increase in hypocotyl elongation.
   - [cop1-4]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Under long-day or continuous light conditions, wild-type plants and the mutant flower after producing approximately seven rosette leaves and growing for 3 to 4 weeks. However, under short-day conditions, wildtype plants produce more than 40 rosette leaves and grow  for ~75 days before flowering, whereas the mutant line continues to produce only seven rosette leaves and flower earlier  than the wild-type plants.
   - [cop1-4 hyh]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Indistinguishable from the respective cop1 mutants when grown in darkness.
   - [cop1-4 hyh]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Suppression in a substantial number of seedlings of the light-dependent cop1 phenotype where seedlings bleach and die when transferred from darkness to light.
   - [cop1-6]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Dark-grown mutant seedlings are transferred to the light, a significant portion of the seedlings are unable to green and will bleach out and die.
   - [cop1-6]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Dark-grown seedlings homozygous for weak copl mutations have longer hypocotyls than their light-grown siblings and light-grown wild-type  seedlings, although they are clearly shorter than etiolated wild-type seedlings.
   - [cop1-6]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Mutant belonging to the weak class. Milder phenotypes than that observed in the mutants of the strong class. Not adult lethal although mutation causes a severe size reduction of light-grown mature plants and greatly reduce seed set. Dark-grown seedlings  homozygous for the mutation exhibit light-grown characteristics, including  patterns of cell differentiation and gene expression.
   - [cop1-6]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Roots of the mutant contained ~20-fold the amount of chlorophyll of the wild type.
   - [cop1-6]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;The mutant does not show additional hypocotyl elongation under far-red light-enriched conditions, whereas the wild-type seedlings  display more than a twofold increase in hypocotyl elongation.
   - [cop1-6]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Under long-day or continuous light conditions, wild-type plants and the mutant flower after producing approximately seven rosette leaves and growing for 3 to 4 weeks. However, under short-day conditions, wildtype plants produce more than 40 rosette leaves and grow  for ~75 days before flowering, whereas the mutant line continues to produce only seven rosette leaves and flower earlier  than the wild-type plants.
   - [cop1-6 hyh]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Indistinguishable from the respective cop1 mutants when grown in darkness.
   - [cop1-6 hyh]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Suppression in a substantial number of seedlings of the light-dependent cop1 phenotype where seedlings bleach and die when transferred from darkness to light.
   - [cop1-7]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Both dark- and light-grown homozygous mutant seedlings are severely retarded in their development, with significantly reduced cell  elongation in their hypocotyls and reduced cell enlargement in their cotyledons. Both mature seeds and seedlings homozygous  for the mutations exhibit dark purple coloration in their hypocotyls and cotyledons due to high levels of anthocyanin  accumulation. Most important, homozygous mutants are adult lethal. Occasionally, some mutant individuals will develop up to three pairs of tiny true leaves before senescence.  Not a single mutant plant has been able to survive to reproduce.
   - [cop1-8]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Both dark- and light-grown homozygous mutant seedlings are severely retarded in their development, with significantly reduced cell  elongation in their hypocotyls and reduced cell enlargement in their cotyledons. Both mature seeds and seedlings homozygous  for the mutations exhibit dark purple coloration in their hypocotyls and cotyledons due to high levels of anthocyanin  accumulation. Most important, homozygous mutants are adult lethal. Occasionally, some mutant individuals will develop up to three pairs of tiny true leaves before senescence.  Not a single mutant plant has been able to survive to reproduce.
   - [cop1-9]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Both dark- and light-grown homozygous mutant seedlings are severely retarded in their development, with significantly reduced cell  elongation in their hypocotyls and reduced cell enlargement in their cotyledons. Both mature seeds and seedlings homozygous  for the mutations exhibit dark purple coloration in their hypocotyls and cotyledons due to high levels of anthocyanin  accumulation. Most important, homozygous mutants are adult lethal. Occasionally, some mutant individuals will develop up to three pairs of tiny true leaves before senescence.  Not a single mutant plant has been able to survive to reproduce.
   - [csu4-1/cop1-6]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Restores photomorphogenesis.Double mutant restores etiolated phenotype. Dark grown seedlings show normal hypocotyl elongation.
   - [csu4-3/cop1-6]()&nbsp;---&nbsp;Restores photomorphogenesis.Double mutant restores etiolated phenotype. Dark grown seedlings show normal hypocotyl elongation.
## Function-related keywords:
   - [shoot axis apex](/tags/shoot-axis-apex/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[leaf lamina base](/tags/leaf-lamina-base/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[root](/tags/root/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[shoot system](/tags/shoot-system/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[plant embryo](/tags/plant-embryo/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[vascular leaf](/tags/vascular-leaf/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[stamen](/tags/stamen/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[sepal](/tags/sepal/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[flower](/tags/flower/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[inflorescence flower pedicel](/tags/inflorescence-flower-pedicel/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[cotyledon](/tags/cotyledon/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[petiole](/tags/petiole/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[hypocotyl](/tags/hypocotyl/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[leaf apex](/tags/leaf-apex/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[collective leaf structure](/tags/collective-leaf-structure/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[pollen](/tags/pollen/),&nbsp;&nbsp;[pollen tube cell](/tags/pollen-tube-cell/)
## Literature:
   - [HY5 stability and activity in arabidopsis is regulated by phosphorylation in its  COP1 binding domain.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/emboj/19.18.4997)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/emboj/19.18.4997](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/emboj/19.18.4997);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10990463](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10990463/)
   - [FIN219, an auxin-regulated gene, defines a link between phytochrome A and the  downstream regulator COP1 in light control of Arabidopsis development.](https://www.doi.org/NA)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[NA](https://www.doi.org/NA);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10921909](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10921909/)
   - [Targeted destabilization of HY5 during light-regulated development of  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/35013076)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/35013076](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/35013076);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10839542](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10839542/)
   - [Short communication: the N-terminal fragment of Arabidopsis photomorphogenic  repressor COP1 maintains partial function and acts in a concentration-dependent  manner.](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.1999.00639.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1046/j.1365-313x.1999.00639.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.1999.00639.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10652143](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10652143/)
   - [Light control of Arabidopsis developmental pattern.](https://www.doi.org/NA)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[NA](https://www.doi.org/NA);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10645429](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10645429/)
   - [The COP9/signalosome complex is conserved in fission yeast and has a role in S  phase.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s0960-9822(00)80091-3)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/s0960-9822(00)80091-3](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s0960-9822(00)80091-3);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10607571](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10607571/)
   - [Structural organization and interactions of COP1, a light-regulated developmental  switch.](https://www.doi.org/10.1023/a:1006324115086)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1023/a:1006324115086](https://www.doi.org/10.1023/a:1006324115086);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10579483](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10579483/)
   - [The RING finger motif of photomorphogenic repressor COP1 specifically interacts  with the RING-H2 motif of a novel Arabidopsis protein.](https://www.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.274.39.27674)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1074/jbc.274.39.27674](https://www.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.274.39.27674);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10488108](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10488108/)
   - [A novel motif mediates the targeting of the Arabidopsis COP1 protein to  subnuclear foci.](https://www.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.274.38.27231)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1074/jbc.274.38.27231](https://www.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.274.38.27231);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10480941](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10480941/)
   - [Evidence for functional conservation of a mammalian homologue of the  light-responsive plant protein COP1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s0960-9822(99)80314-5)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/s0960-9822(99)80314-5](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s0960-9822(99)80314-5);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10395541](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10395541/)
   - [Plastid translation is required for the expression of nuclear photosynthesis  genes in the dark and in roots of the pea lip1 mutant.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.11.5.901)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.11.5.901](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.11.5.901);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10330474](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10330474/)
   - [The role of COP1 in repression of Arabidopsis photomorphogenic development.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s0962-8924(99)01499-3)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/s0962-8924(99)01499-3](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s0962-8924(99)01499-3);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10201077](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10201077/)
   - [Discrete domains mediate the light-responsive nuclear and cytoplasmic  localization of Arabidopsis COP1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.11.3.349)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.11.3.349](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.11.3.349);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10072396](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10072396/)
   - [Cloning vectors for the expression of green fluorescent protein fusion proteins  in transgenic plants.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s0378-1119(98)00433-8)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/s0378-1119(98)00433-8](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s0378-1119(98)00433-8);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[9852947](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9852947/)
   - [Multiple photoreceptors mediate the light-induced reduction of GUS-COP1 from  Arabidopsis hypocotyl nuclei.](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.1998.00290.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1046/j.1365-313x.1998.00290.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.1998.00290.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[9839465](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9839465/)
   - [Arabidopsis homologs of a c-Jun coactivator are present both in monomeric form  and in the COP9 complex, and their abundance is differentially affected by the  pleiotropic cop/det/fus mutations.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.10.11.1779)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.10.11.1779](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.10.11.1779);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[9811788](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9811788/)
   - [UV-B-induced photomorphogenesis in Arabidopsis thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.1998.00246.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1046/j.1365-313x.1998.00246.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.1998.00246.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[9778848](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9778848/)
   - [Functional dissection of Arabidopsis COP1 reveals specific roles of its three  structural modules in light control of seedling development.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/emboj/17.19.5577)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/emboj/17.19.5577](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/emboj/17.19.5577);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[9755158](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9755158/)
   - [Characterization of exon skipping mutants of the COP1 gene from Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.1998.00184.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1046/j.1365-313x.1998.00184.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.1998.00184.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[9744100](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9744100/)
   - [Combinatorial interaction of light-responsive elements plays a critical role in  determining the response characteristics of light-regulated promoters in  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.1998.00180.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1046/j.1365-313x.1998.00180.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.1998.00180.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[9744096](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9744096/)
   - [Role of a COP1 interactive protein in mediating light-regulated gene expression  in arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.10.7.1083)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.10.7.1083](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.10.7.1083);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[9668129](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9668129/)
   - [Molecular interaction between COP1 and HY5 defines a regulatory switch for light  control of Arabidopsis development.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s1097-2765(00)80022-2)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/s1097-2765(00)80022-2](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s1097-2765(00)80022-2);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[9659918](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9659918/)
   - [The light-regulated Arabidopsis bZIP transcription factor gene ATB2 encodes a  protein with an unusually long leucine zipper domain.](https://www.doi.org/10.1023/a:1005964327725)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1023/a:1005964327725](https://www.doi.org/10.1023/a:1005964327725);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[9620274](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9620274/)
   - [Etioplast differentiation in arabidopsis: both PORA and PORB restore the  prolamellar body and photoactive protochlorophyllide-F655 to the cop1  photomorphogenic mutant.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.10.2.283)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.10.2.283](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.10.2.283);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[9490750](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9490750/)
   - [COP1b, an isoform of COP1 generated by alternative splicing, has a negative  effect on COP1 function in regulating light-dependent seedling development in  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s004380050662)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/s004380050662](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s004380050662);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[9529519](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9529519/)
   - [Molecular cloning and sequencing of the cDNA of cop1 gene from Pisum sativum.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s0167-4781(97)00200-5)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/s0167-4781(97)00200-5](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s0167-4781(97)00200-5);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[9512668](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9512668/)
   - [Genetic and developmental control of nuclear accumulation of COP1, a repressor of  photomorphogenesis in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.114.3.779)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.114.3.779](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.114.3.779);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[9232869](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9232869/)
   - [Three knotted1-like homeobox genes in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/BF00020208)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/BF00020208](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/BF00020208);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[8980519](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8980519/)
   - [Evidence for FUS6 as a component of the nuclear-localized COP9 complex in  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.8.11.2047)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.8.11.2047](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.8.11.2047);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[8953769](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8953769/)
   - [det1, cop1, and cop9 mutations cause inappropriate expression of several gene  sets.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.8.11.1951)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.8.11.1951](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.8.11.1951);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[8953766](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8953766/)
   - [Expression of an N-terminal fragment of COP1 confers a dominant-negative effect  on light-regulated seedling development in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.8.9.1491)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.8.9.1491](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.8.9.1491);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[8837504](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8837504/)
   - [The COP9 complex, a novel multisubunit nuclear regulator involved in light  control of a plant developmental switch.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s0092-8674(00)80082-3)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/s0092-8674(00)80082-3](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s0092-8674(00)80082-3);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[8689678](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8689678/)
   - [Procuste1 mutants identify two distinct genetic pathways controlling hypocotyl  and light-grown Arabidopsis seedlings.](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.122.2.683)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1242/dev.122.2.683](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.122.2.683);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[8625819](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8625819/)
   - [Arabidopsis COP1 protein specifically interacts in vitro with a  cytoskeleton-associated protein, CIP1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.92.10.4239)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.92.10.4239](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.92.10.4239);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[7753789](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/7753789/)
   - [The homeobox gene ATH1 of Arabidopsis is derepressed in the photomorphogenic  mutants cop1 and det1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.7.1.117)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.7.1.117](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.7.1.117);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[7696878](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/7696878/)
   - [Light inactivation of Arabidopsis photomorphogenic repressor COP1 involves a  cell-specific regulation of its nucleocytoplasmic partitioning.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/0092-8674(94)90034-5)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/0092-8674(94)90034-5](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/0092-8674(94)90034-5);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[8001131](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8001131/)
   - [Overexpression of Arabidopsis COP1 results in partial suppression of  light-mediated development: evidence for a light-inactivable repressor of  photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.6.10.1391)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.6.10.1391](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.6.10.1391);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[7994173](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/7994173/)
   - [Mutational analyses of light-controlled seedling development in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1006/scel.1994.1039)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1006/scel.1994.1039](https://www.doi.org/10.1006/scel.1994.1039);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[7881072](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/7881072/)
   - [The FUSCA genes of Arabidopsis: negative regulators of light responses.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/BF00285451)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/BF00285451](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/BF00285451);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[8058035](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8058035/)
   - [Arabidopsis COP8, COP10, and COP11 genes are involved in repression of  photomorphogenic development in darkness.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.6.5.629)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.6.5.629](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.6.5.629);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[8038603](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8038603/)
   - [Regulatory hierarchy of photomorphogenic loci: allele-specific and  light-dependent interaction between the HY5 and COP1 loci.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.6.5.613)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.6.5.613](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.6.5.613);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[8038602](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8038602/)
   - [Genetic and molecular analysis of an allelic series of cop1 mutants suggests  functional roles for the multiple protein domains.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.6.4.487)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.6.4.487](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.6.4.487);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[8205001](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8205001/)
   - [Arabidopsis mutants define downstream branches in the phototransduction pathway.](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.8.3.339)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1101/gad.8.3.339](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.8.3.339);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[8314087](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8314087/)
   - [Ring finger motif of Arabidopsis thaliana COP1 defines a new class of  zinc-binding domain.](https://www.doi.org/S0021-9258(19)36562-7)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[S0021-9258(19)36562-7](https://www.doi.org/S0021-9258(19)36562-7);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[8366106](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8366106/)
   - [The dTAFII80 subunit of Drosophila TFIID contains beta-transducin repeats.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/363176a0)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/363176a0](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/363176a0);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[8483503](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8483503/)
   - [Initial characterization of a pea mutant with light-independent  photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.4.12.1519)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.4.12.1519](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.4.12.1519);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[1467651](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/1467651/)
   - [COP9: a new genetic locus involved in light-regulated development and gene  expression in arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.4.12.1507)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.4.12.1507](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.4.12.1507);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[1467650](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/1467650/)
   - [COP1, an Arabidopsis regulatory gene, encodes a protein with both a zinc-binding  motif and a G beta homologous domain.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/0092-8674(92)90555-q)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/0092-8674(92)90555-q](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/0092-8674(92)90555-q);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[1423630](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/1423630/)
   - [cop1: a regulatory locus involved in light-controlled development and gene  expression in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.5.7.1172)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1101/gad.5.7.1172](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.5.7.1172);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[2065972](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/2065972/)
   - [The pea light-independent photomorphogenesis1 mutant results from partial  duplication of COP1 generating an internal promoter and producing two distinct  transcripts.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.12.10.1927)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.12.10.1927](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.12.10.1927);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[11041887](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11041887/)
   - [Modular domain structure of Arabidopsis COP1. Reconstitution of activity by  fragment complementation and mutational analysis of a nuclear localization signal  in planta.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.124.3.979)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.124.3.979](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.124.3.979);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[11080276](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11080276/)
   - [The roles of photoreceptor systems and the COP1-targeted destabilization of HY5  in light control of Arabidopsis seedling development.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.124.4.1520)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.124.4.1520](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.124.4.1520);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[11115869](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11115869/)
   - [Identification of a structural motif that confers specific interaction with the  WD40 repeat domain of Arabidopsis COP1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/emboj/20.1.118)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/emboj/20.1.118](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/emboj/20.1.118);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[11226162](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11226162/)
   - [The signaling mechanism of Arabidopsis CRY1 involves direct interaction with  COP1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.010367)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.010367](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.010367);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[11752373](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11752373/)
   - [Identification of a light-regulated protein kinase activity from seedlings of  Arabidopsis thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/10.1562/0031-8655(2002)075&lt;0178:ioalrp&gt;2.0.co;2)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1562/0031-8655(2002)075&lt;0178:ioalrp&gt;2.0.co;2](https://www.doi.org/10.1562/0031-8655(2002)075&lt;0178:ioalrp&gt;2.0.co;2);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[11883605](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11883605/)
   - [Arabidopsis COP10 is a ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme variant that acts together  with COP1 and the COP9 signalosome in repressing photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.964602)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1101/gad.964602](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.964602);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[11877375](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11877375/)
   - [Isolation and molecular characterization of the COP1 gene homolog from rice,  Oryza sativa L. subsp. Indica var. Pusa Basmati 1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/dnares/8.2.73)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/dnares/8.2.73](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/dnares/8.2.73);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[11347904](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11347904/)
   - [Phytochrome-mediated control of COP1 gene expression in rice plants.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s004380000396)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/s004380000396](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s004380000396);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[11370871](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11370871/)
   - [Cip4, a new COP1 target, is a nucleus-localized positive regulator of Arabidopsis  photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.13.2.399)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.13.2.399](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.13.2.399);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[11226193](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11226193/)
   - [Direct interaction of Arabidopsis cryptochromes with COP1 in light control  development.](https://www.doi.org/10.1126/science.1063630)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1126/science.1063630](https://www.doi.org/10.1126/science.1063630);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[11509693](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11509693/)
   - [The phytochrome A-specific signaling intermediate SPA1 interacts directly with  COP1, a constitutive repressor of light signaling in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M103140200)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1074/jbc.M103140200](https://www.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M103140200);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[11461903](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11461903/)
   - [Biochemical evidence for ubiquitin ligase activity of the Arabidopsis COP1  interacting protein 8 (CIP8).](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.2002.01298.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1046/j.1365-313x.2002.01298.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.2002.01298.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[12028569](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12028569/)
   - [Two interacting bZIP proteins are direct targets of COP1-mediated control of  light-dependent gene expression in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.969702)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1101/gad.969702](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.969702);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[12023303](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12023303/)
   - [HFR1, a phytochrome A-signalling component, acts in a separate pathway from HY5,  downstream of COP1 in Arabidopsis thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.2002.01326.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1046/j.1365-313x.2002.01326.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.2002.01326.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[12061902](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12061902/)
   - [A role for peroxisomes in photomorphogenesis and development of Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1126/science.1073633)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1126/science.1073633](https://www.doi.org/10.1126/science.1073633);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[12130786](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12130786/)
   - [Chlorophyll Synthesis in a Deetiolated (det340) Mutant of Arabidopsis without  NADPH-Protochlorophyllide (PChlide) Oxidoreductase (POR) A and Photoactive  PChlide-F655.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.7.12.2081)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.7.12.2081](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.7.12.2081);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[12242369](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12242369/)
   - [Light regulated modulation of Z-box containing promoters by photoreceptors and  downstream regulatory components, COP1 and HY5, in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.2002.01395.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1046/j.1365-313x.2002.01395.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.2002.01395.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[12220265](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12220265/)
   - [Genomic evidence for COP1 as a repressor of light-regulated gene expression and  development in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.004416)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.004416](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.004416);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[12368493](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12368493/)
   - [Epigenetic history of an Arabidopsis trans-silencer locus and a test for relay of  trans-silencing activity.](https://www.doi.org/10.1186/1471-2229-2-11)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1186/1471-2229-2-11](https://www.doi.org/10.1186/1471-2229-2-11);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[12477384](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12477384/)
   - [Analysis of the mutational effects of the COP/DET/FUS loci on genome expression  profiles reveals their overlapping yet not identical roles in regulating  Arabidopsis seedling development.](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.00281)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1242/dev.00281](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.00281);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[12538522](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12538522/)
   - [The SPA1-like proteins SPA3 and SPA4 repress photomorphogenesis in the light.](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.2003.01813.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1046/j.1365-313x.2003.01813.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-313x.2003.01813.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[12887588](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12887588/)
   - [Characterization of a novel non-constitutive photomorphogenic cop1 allele.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.103.028654)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.103.028654](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.103.028654);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[14605231](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/14605231/)
   - [The COP1-SPA1 interaction defines a critical step in phytochrome A-mediated  regulation of HY5 activity.](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.1122903)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1101/gad.1122903](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.1122903);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[14597662](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/14597662/)
   - [Gibberellins repress photomorphogenesis in darkness.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.103.035451)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.103.035451](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.103.035451);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[14963246](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/14963246/)
   - [Flowering of Arabidopsis cop1 mutants in darkness.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/pcp/pch047)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/pcp/pch047](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/pcp/pch047);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[15111714](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15111714/)
   - [The Arabidopsis repressor of light signaling, COP1, is regulated by nuclear  exclusion: mutational analysis by bioluminescence resonance energy transfer.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0307964101)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.0307964101](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0307964101);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[15084749](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15084749/)
   - [Constitutive photomorphogenesis 1 and multiple photoreceptors control degradation  of phytochrome interacting factor 3, a transcription factor required for light  signaling in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.021568)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.021568](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.021568);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[15155879](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15155879/)
   - [Arabidopsis CAND1, an unmodified CUL1-interacting protein, is involved in  multiple developmental pathways controlled by ubiquitin/proteasome-mediated  protein Degradation.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.021949)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.021949](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.021949);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[15208391](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15208391/)
   - [The SPA quartet: a family of WD-repeat proteins with a central role in  suppression of photomorphogenesis in arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.104.024216)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.104.024216](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.104.024216);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[15308756](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15308756/)
   - [Arabidopsis COP10 forms a complex with DDB1 and DET1 in vivo and enhances the  activity of ubiquitin conjugating enzymes.](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.1229504)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1101/gad.1229504](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.1229504);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[15342494](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15342494/)
   - [Light regulates COP1-mediated degradation of HFR1, a transcription factor  essential for light signaling in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.104.030205)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.104.030205](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.104.030205);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[15705947](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15705947/)
   - [HFR1 is targeted by COP1 E3 ligase for post-translational proteolysis during  phytochrome A signaling.](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.1247205)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1101/gad.1247205](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.1247205);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[15741320](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15741320/)
   - [From The Cover: A role for Arabidopsis cryptochromes and COP1 in the regulation  of stomatal opening.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0501011102)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.0501011102](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0501011102);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[16093319](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/16093319/)
   - [Arabidopsis CONSTANS-LIKE3 is a positive regulator of red light signaling and  root growth.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.105.038182)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.105.038182](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.105.038182);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[16339850](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/16339850/)
   - [Identification of primary target genes of phytochrome signaling. Early  transcriptional control during shade avoidance responses in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.105.076331)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.105.076331](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.105.076331);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[16565297](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/16565297/)
   - [The early dark-response in Arabidopsis thaliana revealed by cDNA microarray  analysis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s11103-005-4211-x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/s11103-005-4211-x](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s11103-005-4211-x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[16514558](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/16514558/)
   - [Arabidopsis CULLIN4 Forms an E3 Ubiquitin Ligase with RBX1 and the CDD Complex in  Mediating Light Control of Development.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.106.043224)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.106.043224](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.106.043224);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[16844902](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/16844902/)
   - [CONSTITUTIVELY PHOTOMORPHOGENIC1 is required for the UV-B response in  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.105.040097)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.105.040097](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.105.040097);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[16829591](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/16829591/)
   - [The central coiled-coil domain and carboxyl-terminal WD-repeat domain of  Arabidopsis SPA1 are responsible for mediating repression of light signaling.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2006.02811.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/j.1365-313X.2006.02811.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2006.02811.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[16813572](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/16813572/)
   - [Cryptochrome signaling in plants.](https://www.doi.org/10.1562/2006-02-28-IR-826)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1562/2006-02-28-IR-826](https://www.doi.org/10.1562/2006-02-28-IR-826);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[17002522](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17002522/)
   - [Intrinsically unstructured N-terminal domain of bZIP transcription factor HY5.](https://www.doi.org/10.1002/prot.21089)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1002/prot.21089](https://www.doi.org/10.1002/prot.21089);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[17001643](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17001643/)
   - [HY5 is a point of convergence between cryptochrome and cytokinin signalling  pathways in Arabidopsis thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2006.02973.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/j.1365-313X.2006.02973.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2006.02973.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[17217468](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17217468/)
   - [Salt tolerance (STO), a stress-related protein, has a major role in light  signalling.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2007.03162.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/j.1365-313X.2007.03162.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2007.03162.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[17605755](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17605755/)
   - [SALT TOLERANCE HOMOLOG2, a B-box protein in Arabidopsis that activates  transcription and positively regulates light-mediated development.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.107.054791)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.107.054791](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.107.054791);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[17965270](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17965270/)
   - [HY5 and HYH are positive regulators of nitrate reductase in seedlings and rosette  stage plants.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s00425-007-0638-4)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/s00425-007-0638-4](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s00425-007-0638-4);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[17929051](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17929051/)
   - [Gibberellins modulate light signaling pathways to prevent Arabidopsis seedling  de-etiolation in darkness.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2007.03346.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/j.1365-313X.2007.03346.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2007.03346.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18053005](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18053005/)
   - [Characterization of Arabidopsis and rice DWD proteins and their roles as  substrate receptors for CUL4-RING E3 ubiquitin ligases.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.107.055418)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.107.055418](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.107.055418);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18223036](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18223036/)
   - [COP1-mediated ubiquitination of CONSTANS is implicated in cryptochrome regulation  of flowering in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.107.057281)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.107.057281](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.107.057281);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18296627](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18296627/)
   - [Identification of a novel cis-regulatory element for UV-B-induced transcription  in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2008.03435.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/j.1365-313X.2008.03435.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2008.03435.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18266923](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18266923/)
   - [The Arabidopsis COP9 signalosome is essential for G2 phase progression and  genomic stability.](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.020743)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1242/dev.020743](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.020743);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18434413](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18434413/)
   - [Distinct light-initiated gene expression and cell cycle programs in the shoot  apex and cotyledons of Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.107.057075)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.107.057075](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.107.057075);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18424613](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18424613/)
   - [CRY1 inhibits COP1-mediated degradation of BIT1, a MYB transcription factor, to  activate blue light-dependent gene expression in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2008.03508.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/j.1365-313X.2008.03508.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2008.03508.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18397371](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18397371/)
   - [Arabidopsis COP1 shapes the temporal pattern of CO accumulation conferring a  photoperiodic flowering response.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/emboj.2008.68)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/emboj.2008.68](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/emboj.2008.68);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18388858](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18388858/)
   - [SHORT HYPOCOTYL IN WHITE LIGHT1, a serine-arginine-aspartate-rich protein in  Arabidopsis, acts as a negative regulator of photomorphogenic growth.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.108.118174)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.108.118174](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.108.118174);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18375596](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18375596/)
   - [Arabidopsis DDB1-CUL4 ASSOCIATED FACTOR1 forms a nuclear E3 ubiquitin ligase with  DDB1 and CUL4 that is involved in multiple plant developmental processes.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.108.058891)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.108.058891](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.108.058891);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18552200](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18552200/)
   - [Biochemical characterization of Arabidopsis complexes containing CONSTITUTIVELY  PHOTOMORPHOGENIC1 and SUPPRESSOR OF PHYA proteins in light control of plant  development.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.107.056580)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.107.056580](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.107.056580);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18812498](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18812498/)
   - [LZF1/SALT TOLERANCE HOMOLOG3, an Arabidopsis B-box protein involved in  light-dependent development and gene expression, undergoes COP1-mediated  ubiquitination.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.108.061747)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.108.061747](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.108.061747);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18796637](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18796637/)
   - [Transcriptome analyses show changes in gene expression to accompany pollen  germination and tube growth in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.108.126375)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.108.126375](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.108.126375);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18775970](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18775970/)
   - [GBF1, a transcription factor of blue light signaling in Arabidopsis, is degraded  in the dark by a proteasome-mediated pathway independent of COP1 and SPA1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M803437200)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1074/jbc.M803437200](https://www.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M803437200);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18930926](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18930926/)
   - [Regulation of COP1 nuclear localization by the COP9 signalosome via direct  interaction with CSN1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2009.03805.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/j.1365-313X.2009.03805.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2009.03805.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[19175768](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19175768/)
   - [Interaction of COP1 and UVR8 regulates UV-B-induced photomorphogenesis and stress  acclimation in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/emboj.2009.4)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/emboj.2009.4](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/emboj.2009.4);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[19165148](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19165148/)
   - [Light regulation of gibberellin biosynthesis in pea is mediated through the  COP1/HY5 pathway.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.108.063628)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.108.063628](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.108.063628);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[19329557](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19329557/)
   - [LAF1 ubiquitination by COP1 controls photomorphogenesis and is stimulated by  SPA1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/nature01696)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/nature01696](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/nature01696);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[12827204](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12827204/)
   - [Independent and interdependent functions of LAF1 and HFR1 in phytochrome A  signaling.](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.1568207)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1101/gad.1568207](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.1568207);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[17699755](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17699755/)
   - [Arabidopsis COP1/SPA1 complex and FHY1/FHY3 associate with distinct  phosphorylated forms of phytochrome A in balancing light signaling.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.molcel.2008.08.003)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.molcel.2008.08.003](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.molcel.2008.08.003);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18722184](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18722184/)
   - [Arabidopsis radical-induced cell death1 is involved in UV-B signaling.](https://www.doi.org/10.1039/b901187k)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1039/b901187k](https://www.doi.org/10.1039/b901187k);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[19492112](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19492112/)
   - [Regulation of gene expression by light.](https://www.doi.org/10.1387/ijdb.051973jc)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1387/ijdb.051973jc](https://www.doi.org/10.1387/ijdb.051973jc);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[16096960](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/16096960/)
   - [Imaging protein interactions with bioluminescence resonance energy transfer  (BRET) in plant and mammalian cells and tissues.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0701987104)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.0701987104](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0701987104);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[17551013](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17551013/)
   - [SHW1, a common regulator of abscisic acid (ABA) and light signaling pathways.](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.3.10.6038)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.4161/psb.3.10.6038](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.3.10.6038);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[19704523](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19704523/)
   - [STH2 has 2 B there: An insight into the role of B-box containing proteins in  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.3.8.5695)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.4161/psb.3.8.5695](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.3.8.5695);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[19704462](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19704462/)
   - [Does light taste salty?](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.3.1.4925)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.4161/psb.3.1.4925](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.3.1.4925);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[19704777](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19704777/)
   - [Cryptochromes, phytochromes, and COP1 regulate light-controlled stomatal  development in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.109.069765)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.109.069765](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.109.069765);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[19794114](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19794114/)
   - [SPA1 and DET1 act together to control photomorphogenesis throughout plant  development.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s00425-009-1088-y)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/s00425-009-1088-y](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s00425-009-1088-y);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[20041285](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20041285/)
   - [Identification and molecular characterization of a Brachypodium distachyon  GIGANTEA gene: functional conservation in monocot and dicot plants.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s11103-009-9586-7)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/s11103-009-9586-7](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s11103-009-9586-7);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[20012169](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20012169/)
   - [EIN3/EIL1 cooperate with PIF1 to prevent photo-oxidation and to promote greening  of Arabidopsis seedlings.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0907670106)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.0907670106](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0907670106);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[19948955](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19948955/)
   - [Arabidopsis CULLIN4-damaged DNA binding protein 1 interacts with CONSTITUTIVELY  PHOTOMORPHOGENIC1-SUPPRESSOR OF PHYA complexes to regulate photomorphogenesis and  flowering time.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.109.065490)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.109.065490](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.109.065490);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[20061554](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20061554/)
   - [Membrane fusion triggers rapid degradation of two gamete-specific,  fusion-essential proteins in a membrane block to polygamy in Chlamydomonas.](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.044743)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1242/dev.044743](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.044743);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[20335357](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20335357/)
   - [det1-1-induced UV-C hyposensitivity through UVR3 and PHR1 photolyase gene  over-expression.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2010.04249.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/j.1365-313X.2010.04249.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2010.04249.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[20487384](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20487384/)
   - [Arabidopsis PHYTOCHROME INTERACTING FACTOR proteins promote phytochrome B  polyubiquitination by COP1 E3 ligase in the nucleus.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.109.072520)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.109.072520](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.109.072520);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[20605855](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20605855/)
   - [Functional interconnection of MYC2 and SPA1 in the photomorphogenic seedling  development of Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.110.163717)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.110.163717](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.110.163717);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[20864543](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20864543/)
   - [A small-molecule screen identifies new functions for the plant hormone  strigolactone.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.435)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/nchembio.435](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.435);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[20818397](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20818397/)
   - [Cryptochrome 2 and phototropin 2 regulate resistance protein-mediated viral  defense by negatively regulating an E3 ubiquitin ligase.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1004529107)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1004529107](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1004529107);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[20624951](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20624951/)
   - [Ubiquitin ligase switch in plant photomorphogenesis: A hypothesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.jtbi.2010.11.021)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.jtbi.2010.11.021](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.jtbi.2010.11.021);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21093457](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21093457/)
   - [Blue light photoreceptors are required for the stability and function of a  resistance protein mediating viral defense in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.5.11.13705)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.4161/psb.5.11.13705](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.5.11.13705);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21057210](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21057210/)
   - [Negative feedback regulation of UV-B-induced photomorphogenesis and stress  acclimation in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0914532107)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.0914532107](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0914532107);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21041653](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21041653/)
   - [and brassinosteroid-signaling pathways by a GATA  transcription factor in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.devcel.2010.10.023)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.devcel.2010.10.023](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.devcel.2010.10.023);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21145502](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21145502/)
   - [Light exposure of Arabidopsis seedlings causes rapid de-stabilization as well as  selective post-translational inactivation of the repressor of photomorphogenesis  SPA2.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2010.04456.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/j.1365-313X.2010.04456.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2010.04456.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21235648](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21235648/)
   - [COP1-mediated degradation of BBX22/LZF1 optimizes seedling development in  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.111.175042)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.111.175042](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.111.175042);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21427283](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21427283/)
   - [Functional interaction of the circadian clock and UV RESISTANCE  LOCUS 8-controlled UV-B signaling pathways in Arabidopsis thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2011.04573.x)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/j.1365-313X.2011.04573.x](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-313X.2011.04573.x);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21395889](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21395889/)
   - [Bioluminescence resonance energy transfer (BRET) imaging in plant seedlings and  mammalian cells.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-60761-901-7_1)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/978-1-60761-901-7_1](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-60761-901-7_1);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21153370](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21153370/)
   - [Perception of UV-B by the Arabidopsis UVR8 protein.](https://www.doi.org/10.1126/science.1200660)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1126/science.1200660](https://www.doi.org/10.1126/science.1200660);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21454788](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21454788/)
   - [Function of B-BOX under shade.](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.6.1.14185)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.4161/psb.6.1.14185](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.6.1.14185);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21301219](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21301219/)
   - [FAR-RED INSENSITIVE219 modulates CONSTITUTIVE PHOTOMORPHOGENIC1 activity via  physical interaction to regulate hypocotyl elongation in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.111.177667)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.111.177667](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.111.177667);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21525334](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21525334/)
   - [Arabidopsis cryptochrome 1 interacts with SPA1 to suppress COP1 activity in  response to blue light.](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.2025011)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1101/gad.2025011](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.2025011);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21511871](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21511871/)
   - [The COP1 ortholog PPS regulates the juvenile-adult and vegetative-reproductive  phase changes in rice.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.111.083436)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.111.083436](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.111.083436);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21705640](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21705640/)
   - [Nuclear localization and interaction with COP1 are required for STO/BBX24  function during photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.111.180208)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.111.180208](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.111.180208);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21685177](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21685177/)
   - [Arabidopsis MSBP1 is activated by HY5 and HYH and is involved in  photomorphogenesis and brassinosteroid sensitivity regulation.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/mp/ssr049)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/mp/ssr049](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/mp/ssr049);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21715650](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21715650/)
   - [Substitution of a conserved glycine in the PHR domain of Arabidopsis cryptochrome  1 confers a constitutive light response.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/mp/ssr052)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/mp/ssr052](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/mp/ssr052);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21765176](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21765176/)
   - [Integration of low temperature and light signaling during cold acclimation  response in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1107161108)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1107161108](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1107161108);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21930922](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21930922/)
   - [Blue-light-dependent interaction of cryptochrome 1 with SPA1 defines a dynamic  signaling mechanism.](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.2025111)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1101/gad.2025111](https://www.doi.org/10.1101/gad.2025111);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[21511872](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21511872/)
   - [Phytochrome signaling mechanisms.](https://www.doi.org/10.1199/tab.0148)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1199/tab.0148](https://www.doi.org/10.1199/tab.0148);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[22303272](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22303272/)
   - [Arabidopsis STO/BBX24 negatively regulates UV-B signaling by interacting with  COP1 and repressing HY5 transcriptional activity.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/cr.2012.34)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/cr.2012.34](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/cr.2012.34);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[22410790](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22410790/)
   - [A short amino-terminal part of Arabidopsis phytochrome A induces constitutive  photomorphogenic response.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/mp/sss035)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/mp/sss035](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/mp/sss035);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[22498774](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22498774/)
   - [Degradation of Arabidopsis CRY2 is regulated by SPA proteins and phytochrome A.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.112.098210)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.112.098210](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.112.098210);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[22739826](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22739826/)
   - [Molecular interactions of GBF1 with HY5 and HYH proteins during light-mediated  seedling development in Arabidopsis thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M111.333906)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1074/jbc.M111.333906](https://www.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M111.333906);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[22692212](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22692212/)
   - [Transcript profiling of cytokinin action in Arabidopsis roots and shoots  discovers largely similar but also organ-specific responses.](https://www.doi.org/10.1186/1471-2229-12-112)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1186/1471-2229-12-112](https://www.doi.org/10.1186/1471-2229-12-112);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[22824128](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22824128/)
   - [The mediator complex subunit PFT1 interferes with COP1 and HY5 in the regulation  of Arabidopsis light signaling.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.112.197319)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.112.197319](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.112.197319);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[22760208](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22760208/)
   - [COP1 mediates the coordination of root and shoot growth by light through  and PIN2-dependent auxin transport in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.078212)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1242/dev.078212](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.078212);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[22912415](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22912415/)
   - [and light-regulated hypocotyl elongation.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s00425-012-1730-y)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/s00425-012-1730-y](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s00425-012-1730-y);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[22890836](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22890836/)
   - [In vivo function of tryptophans in the Arabidopsis UV-B photoreceptor UVR8.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.112.101451)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.112.101451](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.112.101451);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23012433](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23012433/)
   - [C-terminal region of the UV-B photoreceptor UVR8 initiates signaling through  interaction with the COP1 protein.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1210898109)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1210898109](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1210898109);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[22988111](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22988111/)
   - [Arabidopsis COP1 and SPA genes are essential for plant elongation but not for  acceleration of flowering time in response to a low red light to far-red light  ratio.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.112.207233)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.112.207233](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.112.207233);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23093358](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23093358/)
   - [Arabidopsis FHY3 and HY5 positively mediate induction of COP1 transcription in  response to photomorphogenic UV-B light.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.112.103994)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.112.103994](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.112.103994);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23150635](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23150635/)
   - [The E3 ubiquitin ligase HOS1 regulates Arabidopsis flowering by mediating  CONSTANS degradation under cold stress.](https://www.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M112.394338)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1074/jbc.M112.394338](https://www.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M112.394338);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23135282](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23135282/)
   - [Rapid reversion from monomer to dimer regenerates the ultraviolet-B photoreceptor  UV RESISTANCE LOCUS8 in intact Arabidopsis plants.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.112.206805)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.112.206805](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.112.206805);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23129206](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23129206/)
   - [Reversion of the Arabidopsis UV-B photoreceptor UVR8 to the homodimeric ground  state.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1214237110)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1214237110](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1214237110);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23277547](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23277547/)
   - [Arabidopsis phytochrome B promotes SPA1 nuclear accumulation to repress  photomorphogenesis under far-red light.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.112.107086)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.112.107086](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.112.107086);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23371951](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23371951/)
   - [The BBX subfamily IV: additional cogs and sprockets to fine-tune light-dependent  development.](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.23831)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.4161/psb.23831](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.23831);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23425851](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23425851/)
   - [Light and the E3 ubiquitin ligase COP1/SPA control the protein stability of the  MYB transcription factors PAP1 and PAP2 involved in anthocyanin accumulation in  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.12153)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.12153](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.12153);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23425305](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23425305/)
   - [Conditional involvement of constitutive photomorphogenic1 in the degradation of  phytochrome A.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.112.213280)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.112.213280](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.112.213280);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23391578](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23391578/)
   - [Genetic interactions of Arabidopsis thaliana damaged DNA binding protein 1B  (DDB1B) with DDB1A, DET1, and COP1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1534/g3.112.005249)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1534/g3.112.005249](https://www.doi.org/10.1534/g3.112.005249);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23450167](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23450167/)
   - [Multi-chromatic control of mammalian gene expression and signaling.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/nar/gkt340)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/nar/gkt340](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/nar/gkt340);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23625964](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23625964/)
   - [The Arabidopsis B-BOX protein BBX25 interacts with HY5, negatively regulating  BBX22 expression to suppress seedling photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.113.109751)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.113.109751](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.113.109751);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23624715](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23624715/)
   - [MIDGET connects COP1-dependent development with endoreduplication in Arabidopsis  thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.12199)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.12199](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.12199);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23573936](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23573936/)
   - [Molecular cloning of cryptochrome 1 from apple and its functional  characterization in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plaphy.2013.02.031)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.plaphy.2013.02.031](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plaphy.2013.02.031);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23570872](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23570872/)
   - [COP1 re-accumulates in the nucleus under shade.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.12226)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.12226](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.12226);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23647163](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23647163/)
   - [BZS1, a B-box protein, promotes photomorphogenesis downstream of both  brassinosteroid and light signaling pathways.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/mp/sss041)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/mp/sss041](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/mp/sss041);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[22535582](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22535582/)
   - [Ultraviolet-B-mediated induction of protein-protein interactions in mammalian  cells.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms2800)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/ncomms2800](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms2800);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23653191](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23653191/)
   - [MIDGET cooperates with COP1 and SPA1 to repress flowering in Arabidopsis  thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.25600)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.4161/psb.25600](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.25600);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23857347](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23857347/)
   - [The UVR8 UV-B Photoreceptor: Perception, Signaling and Response.](https://www.doi.org/10.1199/tab.0164)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1199/tab.0164](https://www.doi.org/10.1199/tab.0164);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23864838](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23864838/)
   - [Heat shock-induced fluctuations in clock and light signaling enhance phytochrome  B-mediated Arabidopsis deetiolation.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.113.114306)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.113.114306](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.113.114306);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23933882](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23933882/)
   - [Darkness and gulliver2/phyB mutation decrease the abundance of phosphorylated  BZR1 to activate brassinosteroid signaling in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.12423)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.12423](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.12423);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[24387668](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24387668/)
   - [Organization of protein complexes under photomorphogenic UV-B in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.27206)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.4161/psb.27206](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.27206);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[24304604](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24304604/)
   - [Conversion from CUL4-based COP1-SPA E3 apparatus to UVR8-COP1-SPA complexes  underlies a distinct biochemical function of COP1 under UV-B.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1316622110)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1316622110](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1316622110);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[24067658](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24067658/)
   - [Constitutively active UVR8 photoreceptor variant in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1314336110)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1314336110](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1314336110);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[24277841](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24277841/)
   - [Photoactivated UVR8-COP1 module determines photomorphogenic UV-B signaling output  in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1004218)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1371/journal.pgen.1004218](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1004218);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[24651064](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24651064/)
   - [Ultraviolet-B-induced stomatal closure in Arabidopsis is regulated by the UV  RESISTANCE LOCUS8 photoreceptor in a nitric oxide-dependent mechanism.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.113.231753)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.113.231753](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.113.231753);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[24586043](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24586043/)
   - [PHYTOCHROME INTERACTING FACTOR1 Enhances the E3 Ligase Activity of CONSTITUTIVE  PHOTOMORPHOGENIC1 to Synergistically Repress Photomorphogenesis in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.114.125591)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.114.125591](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.114.125591);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[24858936](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24858936/)
   - [The RING-Finger E3 Ubiquitin Ligase COP1 SUPPRESSOR1 Negatively Regulates COP1  Abundance in Maintaining COP1 Homeostasis in Dark-Grown Arabidopsis Seedlings.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.114.124024)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.114.124024](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.114.124024);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[24838976](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24838976/)
   - [PICKLE is a repressor in seedling de-etiolation pathway.](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.25026)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.4161/psb.25026](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/psb.25026);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[23733056](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23733056/)
   - [Ethylene promotes hypocotyl growth and HY5 degradation by enhancing the movement  of COP1 to the nucleus in the light.](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1004025)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1371/journal.pgen.1004025](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1004025);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[24348273](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24348273/)
   - [Light and the circadian clock mediate time-specific changes in sensitivity to  UV-B stress under light/dark cycles.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/jxb/eru339)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/jxb/eru339](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/jxb/eru339);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25147271](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25147271/)
   - [Transcription coactivator Arabidopsis ANGUSTIFOLIA3 modulates anthocyanin  accumulation and light-induced root elongation through transrepression of  Constitutive Photomorphogenic1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.12456)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/pce.12456](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.12456);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25256341](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25256341/)
   - [The DET1-COP1-HY5 pathway constitutes a multipurpose signaling module regulating  plant photomorphogenesis and thermomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.celrep.2014.11.043)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.celrep.2014.11.043](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.celrep.2014.11.043);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25533339](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25533339/)
   - [COP1 E3 ligase protects HYL1 to retain microRNA biogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms6867)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/ncomms6867](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms6867);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25532508](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25532508/)
   - [Cloning of the cryptochrome-encoding PeCRY1 gene from Populus euphratica and  functional analysis in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0115201)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1371/journal.pone.0115201](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0115201);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25503486](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25503486/)
   - [COP1/SPA ubiquitin ligase complexes repress anthocyanin accumulation under low  light and high light conditions.](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/15592316.2014.970440)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.4161/15592316.2014.970440](https://www.doi.org/10.4161/15592316.2014.970440);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25482806](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25482806/)
   - [Jasmonic acid enhancement of anthocyanin accumulation is dependent on phytochrome  A signaling pathway under far-red light in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.bbrc.2014.10.059)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.bbrc.2014.10.059](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.bbrc.2014.10.059);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25450360](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25450360/)
   - [Nucleolus-tethering system (NoTS) reveals that assembly of photobodies follows a  self-organization model.](https://www.doi.org/10.1091/mbc.E13-09-0527)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1091/mbc.E13-09-0527](https://www.doi.org/10.1091/mbc.E13-09-0527);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[24554768](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24554768/)
   - [In silico analysis of the structure and interaction of COP1 protein of  Arabidopsis thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/NA)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[NA](https://www.doi.org/NA);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25630103](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25630103/)
   - [Two distinct domains of the UVR8 photoreceptor interact with COP1 to initiate  UV-B signaling in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.114.133868)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.114.133868](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.114.133868);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25627067](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25627067/)
   - [Light-activated phytochrome A and B interact with members of the SPA family to  promote photomorphogenesis in Arabidopsis by reorganizing the COP1/SPA complex.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.114.134775)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.114.134775](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.114.134775);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25627066](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25627066/)
   - [Light and COP1 regulate level of overexpressed DET1 protein.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plantsci.2014.11.011)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.plantsci.2014.11.011](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plantsci.2014.11.011);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25575996](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25575996/)
   - [ELF3-PIF4 interaction regulates plant growth independently of the Evening  Complex.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.cub.2014.10.070)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.cub.2014.10.070](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.cub.2014.10.070);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25557667](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25557667/)
   - [A cop1 spa mutant deficient in COP1 and SPA proteins reveals partial co-action of  COP1 and SPA during Arabidopsis post-embryonic development and  photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.molp.2014.11.026)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.molp.2014.11.026](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.molp.2014.11.026);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25667004](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25667004/)
   - [UV-B induction of the E3 ligase ARIADNE12 depends on CONSTITUTIVELY  PHOTOMORPHOGENIC 1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plaphy.2015.03.006)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.plaphy.2015.03.006](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plaphy.2015.03.006);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25817546](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25817546/)
   - [Red-light-dependent interaction of phyB with SPA1 promotes COP1-SPA1 dissociation  and photomorphogenic development in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.molp.2014.11.025)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.molp.2014.11.025](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.molp.2014.11.025);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25744387](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25744387/)
   - [The Transcriptional Regulator BBX19 Promotes Hypocotyl Growth by Facilitating  COP1-Mediated EARLY FLOWERING3 Degradation in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.15.00044)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.15.00044](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.15.00044);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25841036](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25841036/)
   - [Light signaling controls nuclear architecture reorganization during seedling  establishment.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1503512112)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1503512112](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1503512112);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25964332](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25964332/)
   - [High-level expression and phosphorylation of phytochrome B modulates flowering  time in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.12926)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.12926](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.12926);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[26120968](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26120968/)
   - [A novel male sterility-fertility restoration system in plants for hybrid seed  production.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/srep11274)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/srep11274](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/srep11274);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[26073981](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26073981/)
   - [CUL4 forms an E3 ligase with COP1 and SPA to promote light-induced degradation of  PIF1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms8245)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/ncomms8245](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms8245);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[26037329](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26037329/)
   - [The E3 Ubiquitin Ligase COP1 Regulates Thermosensory Flowering by Triggering GI  Degradation in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/srep12071)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/srep12071](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/srep12071);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[26159740](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26159740/)
   - [Endogenous Arabidopsis messenger RNAs transported to distant tissues.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/nplants.2015.25)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/nplants.2015.25](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/nplants.2015.25);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[27247031](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27247031/)
   - [Photoreceptor Specificity in the Light-Induced and COP1-Mediated Rapid  Degradation of the Repressor of Photomorphogenesis SPA2 in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1005516)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1371/journal.pgen.1005516](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1005516);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[26368289](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26368289/)
   - [Phosphorylation of CONSTANS and its COP1-dependent degradation during  photoperiodic flowering of Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.13022)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.13022](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.13022);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[26358558](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26358558/)
   - [Light signaling induces anthocyanin biosynthesis via AN3 mediated COP1  expression.](https://www.doi.org/10.1080/15592324.2014.1001223)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1080/15592324.2014.1001223](https://www.doi.org/10.1080/15592324.2014.1001223);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[26357851](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26357851/)
   - [Short Hypocotyl in White Light1 Interacts with Elongated Hypocotyl5 (HY5) and  Constitutive Photomorphogenic1 (COP1) and Promotes COP1-Mediated Degradation of  HY5 during Arabidopsis Seedling Development.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.15.01184)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.15.01184](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.15.01184);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[26474641](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26474641/)
   - [Arabidopsis COP1 SUPPRESSOR 2 Represses COP1 E3 Ubiquitin Ligase Activity through  Their Coiled-Coil Domains Association.](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1005747)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1371/journal.pgen.1005747](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1005747);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[26714275](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26714275/)
   - [Signaling mechanisms of plant cryptochromes in Arabidopsis thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s10265-015-0782-z)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/s10265-015-0782-z](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s10265-015-0782-z);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[26810763](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26810763/)
   - [Salt Stress and Ethylene Antagonistically Regulate Nucleocytoplasmic Partitioning  of COP1 to Control Seed Germination.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.15.01724)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.15.01724](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.15.01724);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[26850275](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26850275/)
   - [Structural Basis for Substrate Selectivity of the E3 Ligase COP1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.str.2016.03.002)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.str.2016.03.002](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.str.2016.03.002);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[27041596](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27041596/)
   - [An Arabidopsis SUMO E3 Ligase, SIZ1, Negatively Regulates Photomorphogenesis by  Promoting COP1 Activity.](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1006016)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1371/journal.pgen.1006016](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1006016);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[27128446](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27128446/)
   - [Convergence of CONSTITUTIVE PHOTOMORPHOGENESIS 1 and PHYTOCHROME INTERACTING  FACTOR signalling during shade avoidance.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.13965)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/nph.13965](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.13965);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[27105120](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27105120/)
   - [BBX21, an Arabidopsis B-box protein, directly activates HY5 and is targeted by  COP1 for 26S proteasome-mediated degradation.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1607687113)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1607687113](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1607687113);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[27325768](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27325768/)
   - [Dimer/monomer status and in vivo function of salt-bridge mutants of the plant  UV-B photoreceptor UVR8.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.13260)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.13260](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.13260);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[27385642](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27385642/)
   - [COP1 is required for UV-B-induced nuclear accumulation of the UVR8 photoreceptor.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1607074113)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1607074113](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1607074113);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[27407149](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27407149/)
   - [Arabidopsis DDB1-CUL4 E3 ligase complexes in det1 salt/osmotic stress resistant  germination.](https://www.doi.org/10.1080/15592324.2016.1223004)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1080/15592324.2016.1223004](https://www.doi.org/10.1080/15592324.2016.1223004);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[27547879](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27547879/)
   - [COP1 Controls Abiotic Stress Responses by Modulating AtSIZ1 Function through Its  E3 Ubiquitin Ligase Activity.](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2016.01182)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3389/fpls.2016.01182](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2016.01182);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[27536318](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27536318/)
   - [The Arabidopsis B-box protein BZS1/BBX20 interacts with HY5 and mediates  strigolactone regulation of photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.jgg.2016.05.007)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.jgg.2016.05.007](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.jgg.2016.05.007);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[27523280](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27523280/)
   - [A fast and simple LC-MS-based characterization of the flavonoid biosynthesis  pathway for few seed(ling)s.](https://www.doi.org/10.1186/s12870-016-0880-7)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1186/s12870-016-0880-7](https://www.doi.org/10.1186/s12870-016-0880-7);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[27586417](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27586417/)
   - [NUCLEAR FACTOR Y, Subunit C (NF-YC) Transcription Factors Are Positive Regulators  of Photomorphogenesis in Arabidopsis thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1006333)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1371/journal.pgen.1006333](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1006333);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[27685091](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27685091/)
   - [COP1 and phyB Physically Interact with PIL1 to Regulate Its Stability and  Photomorphogenic Development in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.113.121657)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.113.121657](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.113.121657);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[24951480](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24951480/)
   - [Auxin represses stomatal development in dark-grown seedlings via Aux/IAA  proteins.](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.109181)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1242/dev.109181](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.109181);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25063454](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25063454/)
   - [COP1 jointly modulates cytoskeletal processes and electrophysiological responses  required for stomatal closure.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/mp/ssu065)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/mp/ssu065](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/mp/ssu065);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25151660](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25151660/)
   - [Structure and function of the UV-B photoreceptor UVR8.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.sbi.2014.09.004)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.sbi.2014.09.004](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.sbi.2014.09.004);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25300065](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25300065/)
   - [14-3-3 proteins participate in light signaling through association with  PHYTOCHROME INTERACTING FACTORs.](https://www.doi.org/10.3390/ijms151222801)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3390/ijms151222801](https://www.doi.org/10.3390/ijms151222801);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25501334](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25501334/)
   - [A mechanism for inhibition of COP1 in photomorphogenesis: direct interactions of  phytochromes with SPA proteins.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.115.00038)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.115.00038](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.115.00038);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[25627064](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25627064/)
   - [Illuminating Progress in Phytochrome-Mediated Light Signaling Pathways.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.tplants.2015.06.010)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.tplants.2015.06.010](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.tplants.2015.06.010);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[26440433](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26440433/)
   - [UV-B Perceived by the UVR8 Photoreceptor Inhibits Plant Thermomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.cub.2016.11.004)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.cub.2016.11.004](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.cub.2016.11.004);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[27989670](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27989670/)
   - [DET1 and HY5 Control PIF4-Mediated Thermosensory Elongation Growth through  Distinct Mechanisms.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.celrep.2016.12.046)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.celrep.2016.12.046](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.celrep.2016.12.046);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28076780](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28076780/)
   - [Photomorphogenic responses to ultraviolet-B light.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.12934)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/pce.12934](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.12934);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28183154](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28183154/)
   - [Integration of Ethylene and Light Signaling Affects Hypocotyl Growth in  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2017.00057)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3389/fpls.2017.00057](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2017.00057);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28174592](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28174592/)
   - [Regulation of Plant Cellular and Organismal Development by SUMO.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-50044-7_14)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/978-3-319-50044-7_14](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-50044-7_14);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28197916](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28197916/)
   - [Noncanonical role of Arabidopsis COP1/SPA complex in repressing BIN2-mediated  PIF3 phosphorylation and degradation in darkness.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1700850114)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1700850114](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1700850114);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28292892](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28292892/)
   - [Jasmonate inhibits COP1 activity to suppress hypocotyl elongation and promote  cotyledon opening in etiolated Arabidopsis seedlings.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.13539)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.13539](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.13539);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28321936](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28321936/)
   - [COP1 conveys warm temperature information to hypocotyl thermomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.14581)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/nph.14581](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.14581);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28418582](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28418582/)
   - [Reciprocal proteasome-mediated degradation of PIFs and HFR1 underlies  photomorphogenic development in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.146936)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1242/dev.146936](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.146936);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28420710](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28420710/)
   - [SPA Proteins Affect the Subcellular Localization of COP1 in the COP1/SPA  Ubiquitin Ligase Complex during Photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.17.00488)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.17.00488](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.17.00488);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28536102](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28536102/)
   - [Jasmonate suppresses seedling soil emergence in Arabidopsis thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/10.1080/15592324.2017.1330239)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1080/15592324.2017.1330239](https://www.doi.org/10.1080/15592324.2017.1330239);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28534718](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28534718/)
   - [Phosphorylation and negative regulation of CONSTITUTIVELY PHOTOMORPHOGENIC 1 by  PINOID in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1702984114)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1702984114](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1702984114);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28584104](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28584104/)
   - [Arabidopsis thaliana extracts optimized for polyphenols production as potential  therapeutics for the APOE-modulated neuroinflammation characteristic of  Alzheimer&#x27;s disease in vitro.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/srep29364)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/srep29364](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/srep29364);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[27383500](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27383500/)
   - [Shining a light on the Arabidopsis circadian clock.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.13033)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/pce.13033](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.13033);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28732105](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28732105/)
   - [DHU1 negatively regulates UV-B signaling via its direct interaction with COP1 and  RUP1.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.bbrc.2017.07.110)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.bbrc.2017.07.110](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.bbrc.2017.07.110);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28735869](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28735869/)
   - [A CRY-BIC negative-feedback circuitry regulating blue light sensitivity of  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.13664)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.13664](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.13664);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28833729](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28833729/)
   - [Role of PINOID-mediated COP1 phosphorylation in Arabidopsis photomorphogenesis is  overemphasized.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1711822114)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1711822114](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1711822114);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28912352](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28912352/)
   - [Reply to Jin and Zhu: PINOID-mediated COP1 phosphorylation matters in  photomorphogenesis in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1712385114)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1712385114](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1712385114);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28912351](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28912351/)
   - [Post-translational modifications of Arabidopsis E3 SUMO ligase AtSIZ1 are  controlled by environmental conditions.](https://www.doi.org/10.1002/2211-5463.12309)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1002/2211-5463.12309](https://www.doi.org/10.1002/2211-5463.12309);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28979848](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28979848/)
   - [The blue light-induced interaction of cryptochrome 1 with COP1 requires SPA  proteins during Arabidopsis light signaling.](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1007044)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1371/journal.pgen.1007044](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1007044);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[28991901](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28991901/)
   - [Light Inhibits COP1-Mediated Degradation of ICE Transcription Factors to Induce  Stomatal Development in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.17.00371)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.17.00371](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.17.00371);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[29070509](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29070509/)
   - [COP1 mediates dark-specific degradation of microtubule-associated protein WDL3 in  regulating Arabidopsis hypocotyl elongation.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1708087114)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1708087114](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1708087114);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[29087315](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29087315/)
   - [High Ambient Temperature Represses Anthocyanin Biosynthesis through Degradation  of HY5.](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2017.01787)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3389/fpls.2017.01787](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2017.01787);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[29104579](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29104579/)
   - [Responses of He-Ne laser on agronomic traits and the crosstalk between UVR8  signaling and phytochrome B signaling pathway in Arabidopsis thaliana subjected  to supplementary ultraviolet-B (UV-B) stress.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s00709-017-1184-y)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/s00709-017-1184-y](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s00709-017-1184-y);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[29138939](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29138939/)
   - [FAR-RED INSENSITIVE 219/JAR1 Contributes to Shade Avoidance Responses of  Arabidopsis Seedlings by Modulating Key Shade Signaling Components.](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2017.01901)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3389/fpls.2017.01901](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2017.01901);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[29163619](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29163619/)
   - [The Transcription Factor COL12 Is a Substrate of the COP1/SPA E3 Ligase and  Regulates Flowering Time and Plant Architecture.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.17.01207)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.17.01207](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.17.01207);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[29187570](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29187570/)
   - [The F-box protein FKF1 inhibits dimerization of COP1 in the control of  photoperiodic flowering.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-017-02476-2)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/s41467-017-02476-2](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-017-02476-2);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[29273730](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29273730/)
   - [The B-Box Domain Protein BBX21 Promotes Photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.17.01305)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.17.01305](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.17.01305);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[29259103](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29259103/)
   - [The Arabidopsis SUMO E3 ligase SIZ1 mediates the temperature dependent trade-off  between plant immunity and growth.](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1007157)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1371/journal.pgen.1007157](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1007157);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[29357355](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29357355/)
   - [Perception of Sunflecks by the UV-B Photoreceptor UV RESISTANCE LOCUS8.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.18.00048)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.18.00048](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.18.00048);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[29530938](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29530938/)
   - [FIN219/JAR1 and cryptochrome1 antagonize each other to modulate  photomorphogenesis under blue light in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1007248)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1371/journal.pgen.1007248](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1007248);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[29561841](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29561841/)
   - [Arabidopsis ANGUSTIFOLIA3 (AN3) is associated with the promoter of CONSTITUTIVE  PHOTOMORPHOGENIC1 (COP1) to regulate light-mediated stomatal development.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.13212)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/pce.13212](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.13212);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[29645276](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29645276/)
   - [Regulation of Plant Microprocessor Function in Shaping microRNA Landscape.](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2018.00753)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3389/fpls.2018.00753](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2018.00753);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[29922322](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29922322/)
   - [Low Temperature-Enhanced Flavonol Synthesis Requires Light-Associated Regulatory  Components in Arabidopsis thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/pcp/pcy132)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/pcp/pcy132](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/pcp/pcy132);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30010959](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30010959/)
   - [Long-Day Photoperiod Enhances Jasmonic Acid-Related Plant Defense.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.18.00443)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.18.00443](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.18.00443);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30068539](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30068539/)
   - [Correction: FIN219/JAR1 and cryptochrome1 antagonize each other to modulate  photomorphogenesis under blue light in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1007606)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1371/journal.pgen.1007606](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1007606);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30114209](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30114209/)
   - [B-BOX DOMAIN PROTEIN28 Negatively Regulates Photomorphogenesis by Repressing the  Activity of Transcription Factor HY5 and Undergoes COP1-Mediated Degradation.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.18.00226)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.18.00226](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.18.00226);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30099385](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30099385/)
   - [Dynamic regulation of PIF5 by COP1-SPA complex to optimize photomorphogenesis in  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.14074)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.14074](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.14074);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30144338](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30144338/)
   - [COP1 plays a prominent role in drought stress tolerance in Arabidopsis and Pea.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plaphy.2018.08.015)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.plaphy.2018.08.015](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plaphy.2018.08.015);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30139551](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30139551/)
   - [Photoexcited CRYPTOCHROME1 Interacts with Dephosphorylated BES1 to Regulate  Brassinosteroid Signaling and Photomorphogenesis in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.17.00994)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.17.00994](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.17.00994);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30131420](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30131420/)
   - [DET1 and COP1 Modulate the Coordination of Growth and Immunity in Response to Key  Seasonal Signals in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.celrep.2018.08.096)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.celrep.2018.08.096](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.celrep.2018.08.096);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30282035](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30282035/)
   - [Ethylene-independent promotion of photomorphogenesis in the dark by cytokinin  requires COP1 and the CDD complex.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/jxb/ery344)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/jxb/ery344](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/jxb/ery344);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30272197](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30272197/)
   - [COP1 SUPPRESSOR 4 promotes seedling photomorphogenesis by repressing CCA1 and  PIF4 expression in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1813171115)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1813171115](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1813171115);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30352855](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30352855/)
   - [Molecular bases for the constitutive photomorphogenic phenotypes in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.169870)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1242/dev.169870](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.169870);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30377170](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30377170/)
   - [Two B-Box Domain Proteins, BBX18 and BBX23, Interact with ELF3 and Regulate  Thermomorphogenesis in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.celrep.2018.10.060)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.celrep.2018.10.060](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.celrep.2018.10.060);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30428343](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30428343/)
   - [Hydrogen peroxide facilitates Arabidopsis seedling establishment by interacting  with light signalling pathway in the dark.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.13482)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/pce.13482](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.13482);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30474863](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30474863/)
   - [Light-dependent suppression of COP1 multimeric complex formation is determined by  the blue-light receptor FKF1 in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.bbrc.2018.11.032)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.bbrc.2018.11.032](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.bbrc.2018.11.032);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30471853](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30471853/)
   - [TOR and RPS6 transmit light signals to enhance protein translation in  deetiolating Arabidopsis seedlings.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1809526115)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1809526115](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1809526115);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30482859](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30482859/)
   - [Extrachloroplastic PP7L Functions in Chloroplast Development and Abiotic Stress  Tolerance.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.19.00070)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.19.00070](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.19.00070);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30760637](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30760637/)
   - [Two E3 ligases antagonistically regulate the UV-B response in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1816268116)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1816268116](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1816268116);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30787186](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30787186/)
   - [Impact of UV-B radiation on the photosystem II activity, pro-/antioxidant balance  and expression of light-activated genes in Arabidopsis thaliana hy4 mutants grown  under light of different spectral composition.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.jphotobiol.2019.02.003)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.jphotobiol.2019.02.003](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.jphotobiol.2019.02.003);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30897399](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30897399/)
   - [Different irradiances of UV and PAR in the same ratios alter the flavonoid  profiles of Arabidopsis thaliana wild types and UV-signalling pathway mutants.](https://www.doi.org/10.1039/c8pp00496j)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1039/c8pp00496j](https://www.doi.org/10.1039/c8pp00496j);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[31166333](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31166333/)
   - [Regulation of Arabidopsis gene expression by low fluence rate UV-B independently  of UVR8 and stress signaling.](https://www.doi.org/10.1039/c9pp00151d)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1039/c9pp00151d](https://www.doi.org/10.1039/c9pp00151d);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[31218318](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31218318/)
   - [A phyB-PIF1-SPA1 kinase regulatory complex promotes photomorphogenesis in  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-12110-y)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1038/s41467-019-12110-y](https://www.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-12110-y);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[31527679](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31527679/)
   - [STO and GA negatively regulate UV-B-induced Arabidopsis root growth inhibition.](https://www.doi.org/10.1080/15592324.2019.1675471)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1080/15592324.2019.1675471](https://www.doi.org/10.1080/15592324.2019.1675471);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[31595819](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31595819/)
   - [PHYTOCHROME INTERACTING FACTOR8 Inhibits Phytochrome A-Mediated Far-Red Light  Responses in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.19.00515)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.19.00515](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.19.00515);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[31732705](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31732705/)
   - [Cryptochrome 2 competes with COP1 substrates to repress COP1 ubiquitin ligase  activity during Arabidopsis photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1909181116)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1909181116](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1909181116);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[31822614](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31822614/)
   - [HY5 Contributes to Light-Regulated Root System Architecture Under a Root-Covered  Culture System.](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2019.01490)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3389/fpls.2019.01490](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2019.01490);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[31850011](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31850011/)
   - [PCH1 and PCHL Directly Interact with PIF1, Promote Its Degradation, and Inhibit  Its Transcriptional Function during Photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.molp.2020.02.003)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.molp.2020.02.003](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.molp.2020.02.003);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[32061894](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32061894/)
   - [Chimeric Activators and Repressors Define HY5 Activity and Reveal a  Light-Regulated Feedback Mechanism.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.19.00772)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.19.00772](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.19.00772);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[32086365](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32086365/)
   - [Light controls stamen elongation via cryptochromes, phytochromes and COP1 through  HY5 and HYH.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.14736)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.14736](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.14736);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[32142184](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32142184/)
   - [Genomic evidence reveals SPA-regulated developmental and metabolic pathways in  dark-grown Arabidopsis seedlings.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/ppl.13095)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/ppl.13095](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/ppl.13095);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[32187694](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32187694/)
   - [A dynamic model of UVR8 photoreceptor signalling in UV-B-acclimated Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.16581)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/nph.16581](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.16581);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[32255498](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32255498/)
   - [Molecular mechanisms suppressing COP1/SPA E3 ubiquitin ligase activity in blue  light.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/ppl.13103)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/ppl.13103](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/ppl.13103);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[32248530](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32248530/)
   - [COP1 destabilizes DELLA proteins in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1907969117)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1073/pnas.1907969117](https://www.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1907969117);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[32471952](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32471952/)
   - [The C-terminal 17 amino acids of the photoreceptor UVR8 is involved in the  fine-tuning of UV-B signaling.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/jipb.12977)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/jipb.12977](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/jipb.12977);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[32492260](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32492260/)
   - [A COP1-PIF-HEC regulatory module fine-tunes photomorphogenesis in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.14908)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.14908](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.14908);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[32652745](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32652745/)
   - [COP1 regulates the stability of CAM7 to promote photomorphogenic growth.](https://www.doi.org/10.1002/pld3.144)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1002/pld3.144](https://www.doi.org/10.1002/pld3.144);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[31245782](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31245782/)
   - [COLD-REGULATED GENE27 Integrates Signals from Light and the Circadian Clock to  Promote Hypocotyl Growth in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.20.00192)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.20.00192](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.20.00192);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[32732313](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32732313/)
   - [COR27 and COR28 Are Novel Regulators of the COP1-HY5 Regulatory Hub and  Photomorphogenesis in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.20.00195)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.20.00195](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.20.00195);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[32769132](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32769132/)
   - [Regulation of COP1 Function by Brassinosteroid Signaling.](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2020.01151)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3389/fpls.2020.01151](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2020.01151);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[32849709](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32849709/)
   - [A HY5-COL3-COL13 regulatory chain for controlling hypocotyl elongation in  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.13899)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/pce.13899](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.13899);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[33011994](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33011994/)
   - [Molecular pathways regulating elongation of aerial plant organs: a focus on  light, the circadian clock, and temperature.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.14996)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.14996](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.14996);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[32986276](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32986276/)
   - [Phytochrome A inhibits shade avoidance responses under strong shade through  repressing the brassinosteroid pathway in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.15018)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.15018](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.15018);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[33037720](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33037720/)
   - [COP1 promotes ABA-induced stomatal closure by modulating the abundance of ABI/HAB  and AHG3 phosphatases.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.17001)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/nph.17001](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.17001);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[33048351](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33048351/)
   - [The Photomorphogenic Central Repressor COP1: Conservation and Functional  Diversification during Evolution.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.xplc.2020.100044)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.xplc.2020.100044](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.xplc.2020.100044);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[33367240](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33367240/)
   - [Coordinated Shoot and Root Responses to Light Signaling in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.xplc.2020.100026)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.xplc.2020.100026](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.xplc.2020.100026);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[33367230](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33367230/)
   - [Expression of Tomato UVR8 in Arabidopsis reveals conserved photoreceptor  function.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plantsci.2020.110766)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.plantsci.2020.110766](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plantsci.2020.110766);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[33487351](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33487351/)
   - [COP1 mediates light-dependent regulation of flavonol biosynthesis through HY5 in  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plantsci.2020.110760)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.plantsci.2020.110760](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plantsci.2020.110760);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[33487344](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33487344/)
   - [DET1-mediated COP1 regulation avoids HY5 activity over second-site gene targets  to tune plant photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.molp.2021.03.009)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.molp.2021.03.009](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.molp.2021.03.009);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[33711490](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33711490/)
   - [Direct phosphorylation of HY5 by SPA kinases to regulate photomorphogenesis in  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.17332)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/nph.17332](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.17332);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[33686674](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33686674/)
   - [Arabidopsis cryptochrome 1 controls photomorphogenesis through regulation of  H2A.Z deposition.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plcell/koab091)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/plcell/koab091](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plcell/koab091);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[33768238](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33768238/)
   - [Light-induced degradation of SPA2 via its N-terminal kinase domain is required  for photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plphys/kiab156)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/plphys/kiab156](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plphys/kiab156);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[33822236](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33822236/)
   - [Illuminating the COP1/SPA Ubiquitin Ligase: Fresh Insights Into Its Structure and  Functions During Plant Photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2021.662793)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3389/fpls.2021.662793](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2021.662793);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[33841486](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33841486/)
   - [Phytochrome B interacts with SWC6 and ARP6 to regulate H2A.Z deposition and  photomorphogensis in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/jipb.13111)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/jipb.13111](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/jipb.13111);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[33982818](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33982818/)
   - [Long-term abscisic acid promotes golden2-like1 degradation through constitutive  photomorphogenic 1 in a light intensity-dependent manner to suppress chloroplast  development.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.14130)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/pce.14130](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.14130);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[34129248](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34129248/)
   - [Functional comparison of the WD-repeat domains of SPA1 and COP1 in suppression of  photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.14148)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/pce.14148](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.14148);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[34251043](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34251043/)
   - [New Insights on the Regulation of Glucosinolate Biosynthesis via COP1 and DELLA  Proteins in Arabidopsis Thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2021.680255)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3389/fpls.2021.680255](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2021.680255);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[34276733](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34276733/)
   - [Calmodulin7: recent insights into emerging roles in plant development and stress.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s11103-021-01177-1)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/s11103-021-01177-1](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s11103-021-01177-1);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[34398355](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34398355/)
   - [UV RESISTANCE LOCUS8 mediates ultraviolet-B-induced stomatal closure in an  ethylene-dependent manner.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plantsci.2020.110679)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.plantsci.2020.110679](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plantsci.2020.110679);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[33218642](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33218642/)
   - [The hydrogen sulfide signal enhances seed germination tolerance to high  temperatures by retaining nuclear COP1 for HY5 degradation.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plantsci.2019.04.024)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.plantsci.2019.04.024](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.plantsci.2019.04.024);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[31203892](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31203892/)
   - [Arabidopsis cryptochrome 1 undergoes COP1 and LRBs-dependent degradation in  response to high blue light.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.17695)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/nph.17695](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.17695);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[34449898](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34449898/)
   - [Constitutive Photomorphogenic 1 Enhances ER Stress Tolerance in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.3390/ijms221910772)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3390/ijms221910772](https://www.doi.org/10.3390/ijms221910772);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[34639112](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34639112/)
   - [Mutual upregulation of HY5 and TZP in mediating phytochrome A signaling.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plcell/koab254)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/plcell/koab254](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plcell/koab254);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[34741605](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34741605/)
   - [Integration of Light and Brassinosteroid Signaling during Seedling Establishment.](https://www.doi.org/10.3390/ijms222312971)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3390/ijms222312971](https://www.doi.org/10.3390/ijms222312971);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[34884771](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34884771/)
   - [A missense mutation in WRKY32 converts its function from a positive regulator to  a repressor of photomorphogenesis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.17932)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/nph.17932](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.17932);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[34935148](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34935148/)
   - [BBX17 Interacts with CO and Negatively Regulates Flowering Time in Arabidopsis  thaliana.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/pcp/pcac005)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/pcp/pcac005](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/pcp/pcac005);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35016218](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35016218/)
   - [CONSTITUTIVE PHOTOMORPHOGENIC 1 promotes seed germination by destabilizing  RGA-LIKE 2 in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plphys/kiac060)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/plphys/kiac060](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plphys/kiac060);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35166830](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35166830/)
   - [Abscisic acid-induced cytoplasmic translocation of constitutive photomorphogenic  1 enhances reactive oxygen species accumulation through the HY5-ABI5 pathway to  modulate seed germination.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.14298)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/pce.14298](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/pce.14298);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35199338](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35199338/)
   - [COP1 positively regulates ABA signaling during Arabidopsis seedling growth in  darkness by mediating ABA-induced ABI5 accumulation.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plcell/koac073)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/plcell/koac073](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plcell/koac073);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35263433](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35263433/)
   - [Signaling Mechanisms by Arabidopsis Cryptochromes.](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2022.844714)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3389/fpls.2022.844714](https://www.doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2022.844714);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35295637](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35295637/)
   - [Dark secrets of phytomelatonin.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/jxb/erac168)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/jxb/erac168](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/jxb/erac168);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35522068](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35522068/)
   - [Arabidopsis B-box transcription factors BBX20-22 promote UVR8  photoreceptor-mediated UV-B responses.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.15806)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.15806](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.15806);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35555928](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35555928/)
   - [ELONGATED HYPOCOTYL 5-mediated suppression of melatonin biosynthesis is  alleviated by darkness and promotes cotyledon opening.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/jxb/erac176)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/jxb/erac176](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/jxb/erac176);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35580847](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35580847/)
   - [Genetic Dissection of Light-Regulated Adventitious Root Induction in Arabidopsis  thaliana Hypocotyls.](https://www.doi.org/10.3390/ijms23105301)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3390/ijms23105301](https://www.doi.org/10.3390/ijms23105301);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35628112](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35628112/)
   - [Cysteines have a role in conformation of the UVR8 photoreceptor.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.15841)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.15841](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.15841);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35608127](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35608127/)
   - [Arabidopsis SPA2 represses seedling de-etiolation under multiple light  conditions.](https://www.doi.org/10.1002/pld3.403)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1002/pld3.403](https://www.doi.org/10.1002/pld3.403);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35662851](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35662851/)
   - [UBP12 and UBP13 deubiquitinases destabilize the CRY2 blue light receptor to  regulate Arabidopsis growth.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.cub.2022.05.046)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.cub.2022.05.046](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.cub.2022.05.046);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35700731](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35700731/)
   - [COP1 controls salt stress tolerance by modulating sucrose content.](https://www.doi.org/10.1080/15592324.2022.2096784)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1080/15592324.2022.2096784](https://www.doi.org/10.1080/15592324.2022.2096784);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35833514](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35833514/)
   - [ and PIF4-mediated signaling.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/jipb.13329)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/jipb.13329](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/jipb.13329);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35848532](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35848532/)
   - [Organ-specific COP1 control of BES1 stability adjusts plant growth patterns under  shade or warmth.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.devcel.2022.07.003)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.devcel.2022.07.003](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.devcel.2022.07.003);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35901789](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35901789/)
   - [Blue light-induced phosphorylation of Arabidopsis cryptochrome 1 is essential for  its photosensitivity.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/jipb.13331)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/jipb.13331](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/jipb.13331);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35894630](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35894630/)
   - [The RNA helicase UAP56 and the E3 ubiquitin ligase COP1 coordinately regulate  alternative splicing to repress photomorphogenesis in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plcell/koac235)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/plcell/koac235](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plcell/koac235);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35920787](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35920787/)
   - [COP1 dynamics integrate conflicting seasonal light and thermal cues in the  control of Arabidopsis elongation.](https://www.doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.abp8412)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1126/sciadv.abp8412](https://www.doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.abp8412);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[35984876](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35984876/)
   - [RUP2 facilitates UVR8 redimerization via two interfaces.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.xplc.2022.100428)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.xplc.2022.100428](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.xplc.2022.100428);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[36065466](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36065466/)
   - [Mechanisms of UV-B light-induced photoreceptor UVR8 nuclear localization  dynamics.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.18468)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/nph.18468](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.18468);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[36089828](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36089828/)
   - [The involvement of the N-terminal PHR domain of Arabidopsis cryptochromes in  mediating light signaling.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s42994-021-00044-3)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/s42994-021-00044-3](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s42994-021-00044-3);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[36304752](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36304752/)
   - [A hidden mutation in the seventh WD40-repeat of COP1 determines the early  flowering trait in a set of Arabidopsis myc mutants.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plcell/koac319)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/plcell/koac319](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plcell/koac319);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[36331342](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36331342/)
   - [Arabidopsis phytochromes A and B synergistically repress SPA1 under blue light.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/jipb.13412)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/jipb.13412](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/jipb.13412);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[36394421](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36394421/)
   - [Stable ARMADILLO REPEAT KINESIN 2 in light inhibits hypocotyl elongation and  facilitates light-induced cortical microtubule reorientation in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/jxb/erac473)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/jxb/erac473](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/jxb/erac473);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[36453983](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36453983/)
   - [COP1 Mediates Dark-Induced Stomatal Closure by Suppressing FT, TSF and SOC1  Expression to Promote NO Accumulation in Arabidopsis Guard Cells.](https://www.doi.org/10.3390/ijms232315037)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.3390/ijms232315037](https://www.doi.org/10.3390/ijms232315037);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[36499365](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36499365/)
   - [Dissecting the functions of COP1 in the UVR8 pathway with a COP1 variant in  Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.16059)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.16059](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.16059);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[36495441](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36495441/)
   - [MYB30 integrates light signals with antioxidant biosynthesis to regulate plant  responses during postsubmergence recovery.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.18674)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/nph.18674](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.18674);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[36513604](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36513604/)
   - [Shade avoidance in the context of climate change.](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plphys/kiad004)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1093/plphys/kiad004](https://www.doi.org/10.1093/plphys/kiad004);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[36617439](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36617439/)
   - [HSP90s are required for hypocotyl elongation during skotomorphogenesis and  thermomorphogenesis via the COP1-ELF3-PIF4 pathway in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.18776)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/nph.18776](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/nph.18776);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[36707919](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36707919/)
   - [Co-action of COP1, SPA and cryptochrome in light signal transduction and  photomorphogenesis of the moss Physcomitrium patens.](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.16128)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1111/tpj.16128](https://www.doi.org/10.1111/tpj.16128);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[36710658](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36710658/)
   - [HOS15 represses flowering by promoting GIGANTEA degradation in response to low  temperature in Arabidopsis.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.xplc.2023.100570)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/j.xplc.2023.100570](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/j.xplc.2023.100570);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[36864727](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36864727/)
   - [Integration of light and ABA signaling pathways to combat drought stress in  plants.](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s00299-023-02999-7)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1007/s00299-023-02999-7](https://www.doi.org/10.1007/s00299-023-02999-7);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[36906730](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36906730/)
   - [Arabidopsis FIN219/JAR1 interacts with phytochrome A under far-red light and  jasmonates in regulating hypocotyl elongation via a functional demand manner.](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1010779)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1371/journal.pgen.1010779](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1010779);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[37216398](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/37216398/)
   - [A novel motif mediates the targeting of the Arabidopsis COP1 protein to  subnuclear foci.](https://www.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.274.38.27231)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1074/jbc.274.38.27231](https://www.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.274.38.27231);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10480941](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10480941/)
   - [The role of COP1 in repression of Arabidopsis photomorphogenic development.](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s0962-8924(99)01499-3)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1016/s0962-8924(99)01499-3](https://www.doi.org/10.1016/s0962-8924(99)01499-3);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10201077](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10201077/)
   - [Modular domain structure of Arabidopsis COP1. Reconstitution of activity by  fragment complementation and mutational analysis of a nuclear localization signal  in planta.](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.124.3.979)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1104/pp.124.3.979](https://www.doi.org/10.1104/pp.124.3.979);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[11080276](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11080276/)
   - [Characterization of Arabidopsis and rice DWD proteins and their roles as  substrate receptors for CUL4-RING E3 ubiquitin ligases.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.107.055418)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.107.055418](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.107.055418);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18223036](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18223036/)
   - [The Arabidopsis COP9 signalosome is essential for G2 phase progression and  genomic stability.](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.020743)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1242/dev.020743](https://www.doi.org/10.1242/dev.020743);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18434413](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18434413/)
   - [Arabidopsis DDB1-CUL4 ASSOCIATED FACTOR1 forms a nuclear E3 ubiquitin ligase with  DDB1 and CUL4 that is involved in multiple plant developmental processes.](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.108.058891)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1105/tpc.108.058891](https://www.doi.org/10.1105/tpc.108.058891);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[18552200](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18552200/)
   - [Repertoire of plant RING E3 ubiquitin ligases revisited: New groups counting gene  families and single genes.](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0203442)&nbsp;&nbsp;DOI:&nbsp;&nbsp;[10.1371/journal.pone.0203442](https://www.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0203442);&nbsp;&nbsp;PMID:&nbsp;&nbsp;[30169501](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30169501/)
## Sequence:
{{< accordion "cDNA Sequence" >}}
- \>AT2G32950.1
ACCACACCTCAGCCTCACTCCTCCTTCATCTCCGACGTCATACCCAAACCACTCTTTTCTCACAATTCCGATTTTCTCAAAAACCAAAATCACAATCGAAGAAATCTTTTGAAAGCAAAATGGAAGAGATTTCGACGGATCCGGTTGTTCCAGCGGTGAAACCTGACCCGAGAACATCTTCAGTTGGTGAAGGTGCTAATCGTCATGAAAATGACGACGGAGGAAGCGGCGGTTCTGAGATTGGAGCACCGGATCTGGATAAAGACTTGCTTTGTCCGATTTGTATGCAGATTATTAAAGATGCTTTCCTCACGGCTTGTGGTCATAGTTTCTGCTATATGTGTATCATCACACATCTTAGGAACAAGAGTGATTGTCCCTGTTGTAGCCAACACCTCACCAATAATCAGCTTTACCCTAATTTCTTGCTCGATAAGCTATTGAAGAAAACTTCAGCTCGGCATGTGTCAAAAACTGCATCGCCCTTGGATCAGTTTCGGGAAGCACTACAAAGGGGTTGTGATGTGTCAATTAAGGAGGTTGATAATCTTCTGACACTTCTTGCGGAAAGGAAGAGAAAAATGGAACAGGAAGAAGCTGAGAGGAACATGCAGATACTTTTGGACTTTTTGCATTGTCTAAGGAAGCAAAAAGTTGATGAACTAAATGAGGTGCAAACTGATCTCCAGTATATTAAAGAAGATATAAATGCCGTTGAGAGACATAGAATAGATTTATACCGAGCTAGGGACAGATATTCTGTAAAGTTGCGGATGCTCGGAGATGATCCAAGCACAAGAAATGCATGGCCACATGAGAAGAACCAGATTGGTTTCAACTCCAATTCTCTCAGCATAAGAGGAGGAAATTTTGTAGGCAATTATCAAAACAAAAAGGTAGAGGGGAAGGCACAAGGAAGCTCTCATGGGCTACCAAAGAAGGATGCGCTGAGTGGGTCAGATTCGCAAAGTTTGAATCAGTCAACTGTCTCAATGGCTAGAAAGAAACGGATTCATGCTCAGTTCAATGATTTACAAGAATGTTACCTCCAAAAGCGGCGTCAGTTGGCAGACCAACCAAATAGTAAACAAGAAAATGATAAGAGTGTAGTACGGAGGGAAGGCTATAGCAACGGCCTTGCAGATTTTCAATCTGTGTTGACTACCTTCACTCGCTACAGTCGTCTAAGAGTTATAGCAGAAATCCGGCATGGGGATATATTTCATTCAGCCAACATTGTATCAAGCATAGAGTTTGATCGTGATGATGAGCTGTTTGCCACTGCTGGTGTTTCTAGATGTATAAAGGTTTTTGACTTCTCTTCGGTTGTAAATGAACCAGCAGATATGCAGTGTCCGATTGTGGAGATGTCAACTCGGTCTAAACTTAGTTGCTTGAGTTGGAATAAGCATGAAAAAAATCACATAGCAAGCAGTGATTATGAAGGAATAGTAACAGTGTGGGATGTAACTACTAGGCAGAGTCTTATGGAGTATGAAGAGCACGAAAAACGTGCCTGGAGTGTTGACTTTTCACGAACAGAACCATCAATGCTTGTATCTGGTAGTGACGACTGCAAGGTTAAAGTTTGGTGCACGAGGCAGGAAGCAAGTGTGATTAATATTGATATGAAAGCAAACATATGTTGTGTCAAGTACAATCCTGGCTCAAGCAACTACATTGCGGTCGGATCAGCTGATCATCACATCCATTATTACGATCTAAGAAACATAAGCCAACCACTTCATGTCTTCAGTGGACACAAGAAAGCAGTTTCCTATGTTAAATTTTTGTCCAACAACGAGCTCGCTTCTGCGTCCACAGATAGCACACTACGCTTATGGGATGTCAAAGACAACTTGCCAGTTCGAACATTCAGAGGACATACTAACGAGAAGAACTTTGTGGGTCTCACAGTGAACAGCGAGTATCTCGCCTGTGGAAGCGAGACAAACGAAGTATATGTATATCACAAGGAAATCACGAGACCCGTGACATCGCACAGATTTGGATCGCCAGACATGGACGATGCAGAGGAAGAGGCAGGTTCCTACTTTATTAGTGCGGTTTGCTGGAAGAGTGATAGTCCCACGATGTTGACTGCGAATAGTCAAGGAACCATCAAAGTTCTGGTACTCGCTGCGTGATTCTAGTAGACATTACAAAAGATCTTATAGCTTCGTGAATCAATAAAAACAAATTTGCCGTCTATGTTCTTTAGTGGGAGTTACATATAGAGAGAGAACAATTTATTAAAAGTAGGGTTCATCATTTGGAAAGCAACTTTGTATTATTATGCTTGCCTTGGAACACTCCTCAAGAAGAATTTGTATCAGTGATGTAGATATGTCTTACGGTTTCTTAGCTTCTACTTTATATAATTAAATGTTAGAATCAAAATGCGGTGATGTGAATCGGTCATGAAAAGTCAAACCTTGGCTTATACAAAAGGTCCGACCCATGCAATAAGTCAT
- \>AT2G32950.2
ACCACACCTCAGCCTCACTCCTCCTTCATCTCCGACGTCATACCCAAACCACTCTTTTCTCACAATTCCGATTTTCTCAAAAACCAAAATCACAATCGAAGAAATCTTTTGAAAGCAAAATGGAAGAGATTTCGACGGATCCGGTTGTTCCAGCGGTGAAACCTGACCCGAGAACATCTTCAGTTGGTGAAGGTGCTAATCGTCATGAAAATGACGACGGAGGAAGCGGCGGTTCTGAGATTGGAGCACCGGATCTGGATAAAGACTTGCTTTGTCCGATTTGTATGCAGATTATTAAAGATGCTTTCCTCACGGCTTGTGGTCATAGTTTCTGCTATATGTGTATCATCACACATCTTAGGAACAAGAGTGATTGTCCCTGTTGTAGCCAACACCTCACCAATAATCAGCTTTACCCTAATTTCTTGCTCGATAAGCTATTGAAGAAAACTTCAGCTCGGCATGTGTCAAAAACTGCATCGCCCTTGGATCAGTTTCGGGAAGCACTACAAAGGGGTTGTGATGTGTCAATTAAGGAGGTTGATAATCTTCTGACACTTCTTGCGGAAAGGAAGAGAAAAATGGAACAGGAAGAAGCTGAGAGGAACATGCAGATACTTTTGGACTTTTTGCATTGTCTAAGGAAGCAAAAAGTTGATGAACTAAATGAGGTGCAAACTGATCTCCAGTATATTAAAGAAGATATAAATGCCGTTGAGAGACATAGAATAGATTTATACCGAGCTAGGGACAGATATTCTGTAAAGTTGCGGATGCTCGGAGATGATCCAAGCACAAGAAATGCATGGCCACATGAGAAGAACCAGATTGGTTTCAACTCCAATTCTCTCAGCATAAGAGGAGGAAATTTTGTAGGCAATTATCAAAACAAAAAGGTAGAGGGGAAGGCACAAGGAAGCTCTCATGGGCTACCAAAGAAGGATGCGCTGAGTGGGTCAGATTCGCAAAGTTTGAATCAGTCAACTGTCTCAATGGCTAGAAAGAAACGGATTCATGCTCAGTTCAATGATTTACAAGAATGTTACCTCCAAAAGCGGCGTCAGTTGGCAGACCAACCAAATAGTAAACAAGAAAATGATAAGAGTGTAGTACGGAGGGAAGGCTATAGCAACGGCCTTGCAGATTTTCAATCTGTGTTGACTACCTTCACTCGCTACAGTCGTCTAAGAGTTATAGCAGAAATCCGGCATGGGGATATATTTCATTCAGCCAACATTGTATCAAGCATAGAGTTTGATCGTGATGATGAGCTGTTTGCCACTGCTGGTGTTTCTAGATGTATAAAGGTTTTTGACTTCTCTTCGGTTGTAAATGAACCAGCAGATATGCAGTGTCCGATTGTGGAGATGTCAACTCGGTCTAAACTTAGTTGCTTGAGTTGGAATAAGCATGAAAAAAATCACATAGCAAGCAGTGATTATGAAGGAATAGTAACAGTGTGGGATGTAACTACTAGGCAGAGTCTTATGGAGTATGAAGAGCACGAAAAACGTGCCTGGAGTGTTGACTTTTCACGAACAGAACCATCAATGCTTGTATCTGGTAGTGACGACTGCAAGGTTAAAGTTTGGTGCACGAGGCAGGAAGCAAGTGTGATTAATATTGATATGAAAGCAAACATATGTTGTGTCAAGTACAATCCTGGCTCAAGCAACTACATTGCGGTCGGATCAGCTGATCATCACATCCATTATTACGATCTAAGAAACATAAGCCAACCACTTCATGTCTTCAGTGGACACAAGAAAGCAGTTTCCTATGTTAAATTTTTGTCCAACAACGAGCTCGCTTCTGCGTCCACAGATAGCACACTACGCTTATGGGATGTCAAAGACAACTTGCCAGTTCGAACATTCAGAGGACATACTAACGAGAAGAACTTTGTGGGTCTCACAGTGAACAGCGAGTATCTCGCCTGTGGAAGCGAGACAAACGAAGTATATGTATATCACAAGGAAATCACGAGACCCGTGACATCGCACAGATTTGGATCGCCAGACATGGACGATGCAGAGGAAGAGGCAGGTTCCTACTTTATTAGTGCGGTTTGCTGGAAGAGTGATAGTCCCACGATGTTGACTGCGAATAGTCAAGGAACCATCAAAGTTCTGGTACTCGCTGCGTGATTCTAGTAGACATTACAAAAGATCTTATAGCTTCGTGAATCAATAAAAACAAATTTGCCGTCTATGTTCTTTAGTGGGAGTTACATATAGAGAGAGAACAATTTATTAAAAGTAGGGTTCATCATTTGGAAAGCAACTTTGTATTATTATGCTTGCCTTGGAACACTCCTCAAGAAGAATTTGTATCAGTGATGTAGATATGTCTTACGGTTTCTTAGCTTCTACTTTATATAATTAAATGTTAGAATCAAAATGCGGTGATGTGAATCGGTCATGAAAAGTCAAACCTTGGCTTATACAAAAGGTCCGACCCATGCAATAAGTCAT
{{< /accordion >}}
{{< accordion "CDS Sequence" >}}
- \>AT2G32950.1
ATGGAAGAGATTTCGACGGATCCGGTTGTTCCAGCGGTGAAACCTGACCCGAGAACATCTTCAGTTGGTGAAGGTGCTAATCGTCATGAAAATGACGACGGAGGAAGCGGCGGTTCTGAGATTGGAGCACCGGATCTGGATAAAGACTTGCTTTGTCCGATTTGTATGCAGATTATTAAAGATGCTTTCCTCACGGCTTGTGGTCATAGTTTCTGCTATATGTGTATCATCACACATCTTAGGAACAAGAGTGATTGTCCCTGTTGTAGCCAACACCTCACCAATAATCAGCTTTACCCTAATTTCTTGCTCGATAAGCTATTGAAGAAAACTTCAGCTCGGCATGTGTCAAAAACTGCATCGCCCTTGGATCAGTTTCGGGAAGCACTACAAAGGGGTTGTGATGTGTCAATTAAGGAGGTTGATAATCTTCTGACACTTCTTGCGGAAAGGAAGAGAAAAATGGAACAGGAAGAAGCTGAGAGGAACATGCAGATACTTTTGGACTTTTTGCATTGTCTAAGGAAGCAAAAAGTTGATGAACTAAATGAGGTGCAAACTGATCTCCAGTATATTAAAGAAGATATAAATGCCGTTGAGAGACATAGAATAGATTTATACCGAGCTAGGGACAGATATTCTGTAAAGTTGCGGATGCTCGGAGATGATCCAAGCACAAGAAATGCATGGCCACATGAGAAGAACCAGATTGGTTTCAACTCCAATTCTCTCAGCATAAGAGGAGGAAATTTTGTAGGCAATTATCAAAACAAAAAGGTAGAGGGGAAGGCACAAGGAAGCTCTCATGGGCTACCAAAGAAGGATGCGCTGAGTGGGTCAGATTCGCAAAGTTTGAATCAGTCAACTGTCTCAATGGCTAGAAAGAAACGGATTCATGCTCAGTTCAATGATTTACAAGAATGTTACCTCCAAAAGCGGCGTCAGTTGGCAGACCAACCAAATAGTAAACAAGAAAATGATAAGAGTGTAGTACGGAGGGAAGGCTATAGCAACGGCCTTGCAGATTTTCAATCTGTGTTGACTACCTTCACTCGCTACAGTCGTCTAAGAGTTATAGCAGAAATCCGGCATGGGGATATATTTCATTCAGCCAACATTGTATCAAGCATAGAGTTTGATCGTGATGATGAGCTGTTTGCCACTGCTGGTGTTTCTAGATGTATAAAGGTTTTTGACTTCTCTTCGGTTGTAAATGAACCAGCAGATATGCAGTGTCCGATTGTGGAGATGTCAACTCGGTCTAAACTTAGTTGCTTGAGTTGGAATAAGCATGAAAAAAATCACATAGCAAGCAGTGATTATGAAGGAATAGTAACAGTGTGGGATGTAACTACTAGGCAGAGTCTTATGGAGTATGAAGAGCACGAAAAACGTGCCTGGAGTGTTGACTTTTCACGAACAGAACCATCAATGCTTGTATCTGGTAGTGACGACTGCAAGGTTAAAGTTTGGTGCACGAGGCAGGAAGCAAGTGTGATTAATATTGATATGAAAGCAAACATATGTTGTGTCAAGTACAATCCTGGCTCAAGCAACTACATTGCGGTCGGATCAGCTGATCATCACATCCATTATTACGATCTAAGAAACATAAGCCAACCACTTCATGTCTTCAGTGGACACAAGAAAGCAGTTTCCTATGTTAAATTTTTGTCCAACAACGAGCTCGCTTCTGCGTCCACAGATAGCACACTACGCTTATGGGATGTCAAAGACAACTTGCCAGTTCGAACATTCAGAGGACATACTAACGAGAAGAACTTTGTGGGTCTCACAGTGAACAGCGAGTATCTCGCCTGTGGAAGCGAGACAAACGAAGTATATGTATATCACAAGGAAATCACGAGACCCGTGACATCGCACAGATTTGGATCGCCAGACATGGACGATGCAGAGGAAGAGGCAGGTTCCTACTTTATTAGTGCGGTTTGCTGGAAGAGTGATAGTCCCACGATGTTGACTGCGAATAGTCAAGGAACCATCAAAGTTCTGGTACTCGCTGCGTGA
- \>AT2G32950.2
ATGGAAGAGATTTCGACGGATCCGGTTGTTCCAGCGGTGAAACCTGACCCGAGAACATCTTCAGTTGGTGAAGGTGCTAATCGTCATGAAAATGACGACGGAGGAAGCGGCGGTTCTGAGATTGGAGCACCGGATCTGGATAAAGACTTGCTTTGTCCGATTTGTATGCAGATTATTAAAGATGCTTTCCTCACGGCTTGTGGTCATAGTTTCTGCTATATGTGTATCATCACACATCTTAGGAACAAGAGTGATTGTCCCTGTTGTAGCCAACACCTCACCAATAATCAGCTTTACCCTAATTTCTTGCTCGATAAGCTATTGAAGAAAACTTCAGCTCGGCATGTGTCAAAAACTGCATCGCCCTTGGATCAGTTTCGGGAAGCACTACAAAGGGGTTGTGATGTGTCAATTAAGGAGGTTGATAATCTTCTGACACTTCTTGCGGAAAGGAAGAGAAAAATGGAACAGGAAGAAGCTGAGAGGAACATGCAGATACTTTTGGACTTTTTGCATTGTCTAAGGAAGCAAAAAGTTGATGAACTAAATGAGGTGCAAACTGATCTCCAGTATATTAAAGAAGATATAAATGCCGTTGAGAGACATAGAATAGATTTATACCGAGCTAGGGACAGATATTCTGTAAAGTTGCGGATGCTCGGAGATGATCCAAGCACAAGAAATGCATGGCCACATGAGAAGAACCAGATTGGTTTCAACTCCAATTCTCTCAGCATAAGAGGAGGAAATTTTGTAGGCAATTATCAAAACAAAAAGGTAGAGGGGAAGGCACAAGGAAGCTCTCATGGGCTACCAAAGAAGGATGCGCTGAGTGGGTCAGATTCGCAAAGTTTGAATCAGTCAACTGTCTCAATGGCTAGAAAGAAACGGATTCATGCTCAGTTCAATGATTTACAAGAATGTTACCTCCAAAAGCGGCGTCAGTTGGCAGACCAACCAAATAGTAAACAAGAAAATGATAAGAGTGTAGTACGGAGGGAAGGCTATAGCAACGGCCTTGCAGATTTTCAATCTGTGTTGACTACCTTCACTCGCTACAGTCGTCTAAGAGTTATAGCAGAAATCCGGCATGGGGATATATTTCATTCAGCCAACATTGTATCAAGCATAGAGTTTGATCGTGATGATGAGCTGTTTGCCACTGCTGGTGTTTCTAGATGTATAAAGGTTTTTGACTTCTCTTCGGTTGTAAATGAACCAGCAGATATGCAGTGTCCGATTGTGGAGATGTCAACTCGGTCTAAACTTAGTTGCTTGAGTTGGAATAAGCATGAAAAAAATCACATAGCAAGCAGTGATTATGAAGGAATAGTAACAGTGTGGGATGTAACTACTAGGCAGAGTCTTATGGAGTATGAAGAGCACGAAAAACGTGCCTGGAGTGTTGACTTTTCACGAACAGAACCATCAATGCTTGTATCTGGTAGTGACGACTGCAAGGTTAAAGTTTGGTGCACGAGGCAGGAAGCAAGTGTGATTAATATTGATATGAAAGCAAACATATGTTGTGTCAAGTACAATCCTGGCTCAAGCAACTACATTGCGGTCGGATCAGCTGATCATCACATCCATTATTACGATCTAAGAAACATAAGCCAACCACTTCATGTCTTCAGTGGACACAAGAAAGCAGTTTCCTATGTTAAATTTTTGTCCAACAACGAGCTCGCTTCTGCGTCCACAGATAGCACACTACGCTTATGGGATGTCAAAGACAACTTGCCAGTTCGAACATTCAGAGGACATACTAACGAGAAGAACTTTGTGGGTCTCACAGTGAACAGCGAGTATCTCGCCTGTGGAAGCGAGACAAACGAAGTATATGTATATCACAAGGAAATCACGAGACCCGTGACATCGCACAGATTTGGATCGCCAGACATGGACGATGCAGAGGAAGAGGCAGGTTCCTACTTTATTAGTGCGGTTTGCTGGAAGAGTGATAGTCCCACGATGTTGACTGCGAATAGTCAAGGAACCATCAAAGTTCTGGTACTCGCTGCGTGA
{{< /accordion >}}
{{< accordion "Protein Sequence" >}}
- \>AT2G32950.1
MEEISTDPVVPAVKPDPRTSSVGEGANRHENDDGGSGGSEIGAPDLDKDLLCPICMQIIKDAFLTACGHSFCYMCIITHLRNKSDCPCCSQHLTNNQLYPNFLLDKLLKKTSARHVSKTASPLDQFREALQRGCDVSIKEVDNLLTLLAERKRKMEQEEAERNMQILLDFLHCLRKQKVDELNEVQTDLQYIKEDINAVERHRIDLYRARDRYSVKLRMLGDDPSTRNAWPHEKNQIGFNSNSLSIRGGNFVGNYQNKKVEGKAQGSSHGLPKKDALSGSDSQSLNQSTVSMARKKRIHAQFNDLQECYLQKRRQLADQPNSKQENDKSVVRREGYSNGLADFQSVLTTFTRYSRLRVIAEIRHGDIFHSANIVSSIEFDRDDELFATAGVSRCIKVFDFSSVVNEPADMQCPIVEMSTRSKLSCLSWNKHEKNHIASSDYEGIVTVWDVTTRQSLMEYEEHEKRAWSVDFSRTEPSMLVSGSDDCKVKVWCTRQEASVINIDMKANICCVKYNPGSSNYIAVGSADHHIHYYDLRNISQPLHVFSGHKKAVSYVKFLSNNELASASTDSTLRLWDVKDNLPVRTFRGHTNEKNFVGLTVNSEYLACGSETNEVYVYHKEITRPVTSHRFGSPDMDDAEEEAGSYFISAVCWKSDSPTMLTANSQGTIKVLVLAA
- \>AT2G32950.2
MEEISTDPVVPAVKPDPRTSSVGEGANRHENDDGGSGGSEIGAPDLDKDLLCPICMQIIKDAFLTACGHSFCYMCIITHLRNKSDCPCCSQHLTNNQLYPNFLLDKLLKKTSARHVSKTASPLDQFREALQRGCDVSIKEVDNLLTLLAERKRKMEQEEAERNMQILLDFLHCLRKQKVDELNEVQTDLQYIKEDINAVERHRIDLYRARDRYSVKLRMLGDDPSTRNAWPHEKNQIGFNSNSLSIRGGNFVGNYQNKKVEGKAQGSSHGLPKKDALSGSDSQSLNQSTVSMARKKRIHAQFNDLQECYLQKRRQLADQPNSKQENDKSVVRREGYSNGLADFQSVLTTFTRYSRLRVIAEIRHGDIFHSANIVSSIEFDRDDELFATAGVSRCIKVFDFSSVVNEPADMQCPIVEMSTRSKLSCLSWNKHEKNHIASSDYEGIVTVWDVTTRQSLMEYEEHEKRAWSVDFSRTEPSMLVSGSDDCKVKVWCTRQEASVINIDMKANICCVKYNPGSSNYIAVGSADHHIHYYDLRNISQPLHVFSGHKKAVSYVKFLSNNELASASTDSTLRLWDVKDNLPVRTFRGHTNEKNFVGLTVNSEYLACGSETNEVYVYHKEITRPVTSHRFGSPDMDDAEEEAGSYFISAVCWKSDSPTMLTANSQGTIKVLVLAA
{{< /accordion >}}
